Title: The Discipline NOT to Trade Low Quality Setups
Views: 24451
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=qfReXP_lpQE
======================================================================

What's up, everyone? All right, it's Thursday morning and I'm locking up a no trade day. It has now been 1 week since my $57,000 red day last Thursday. So, in the week that has since passed, I haven't made much progress at recouping the loss. In fact, I dug the hole deeper on Monday morning with another $20,000 loss putting me $77,000 in the red in 2 days. On Tuesday, I made back about 3,500. On Wednesday, I made back about 3,900. Slow, steady base hits in what I call trader rehab, which is where I put the guard rails back on. I have to put the guard rails on because what I can't stand or tolerate is continued drawdown of digging the hole deeper and deeper. I hate having two red days in a row. It happened, so had to put the guard rails on. Those guard rails include a 10,000 share max position size and a $6,000 max loss on my account as of right now. Those will increase as I start to recoup a little bit of the loss and I can prove that I can maintain discipline, but as of today, well, I've only recouped about 10% off the low. So, big step down and only bouncing back up 10%. You know, that could be a bear flag where I get ready for another big drop down if I'm not careful. Two small green days after two huge red days isn't really a lot of progress. So, today I stayed focused on trade the best, leave the rest and as a result, I didn't take any trades. This is definitely an exercise in discipline. It's not easy. I don't like having no trade days right after having a big loss. I want to keep making progress, but I had a choice to make today. Do I lower my quality standard just to introduce a trade, but potentially I'll have lower accuracy because I'm reducing my quality threshold, or do I hold strong and say no trade day? And so, I said no trade day. Let's take a look at the stocks that I looked at and I think it'll help you understand why I chose not to take any trades. So, this morning we actually had um SkyQ pop up um pretty early. This one uh came up uh right around 6:55 a.m. And when it first popped up, I saw it and I thought, "Well, you know, this could be a daily continuation setup. Sort of popped up, pulled back, popped up, pulled back, popping up. Um the price of oil is going back up a little bit, you know, obviously we've got everything going on in the Middle East. So, we had this drop in the price of oil uh on the ceasefire, but now the price is kind of coming back up. So, at this point, or well, it's at 6:55 a.m., uh I thought, "You know, I I don't know. I had made some money on this on Tuesday. This was the stock I made 3,500 on. But even then, it wasn't super easy, and I just felt like today probably wasn't going to be a high-volume day. And look at the volume declining. So, the relative volume on this um is actually only 1.23 today. Uh I prefer a relative volume ratio of at least five, meaning the volume today is five times above the average, and we weren't even close. So, relative volume is a little too low on that, so I skipped it. Um we had ONCSO, which currently has 86 million shares of volume. It did pop up here from a dollar 10 up to 220. For me, this is a little too cheap. Now, someone said, "Ross, you know, why don't you just buy 100,000 shares of it? You know, if you make I mean, jeez, 100,000 shares, you make 20 cents, you're up $20,000. And while that's true, um you know, that I you could you could take that approach, the reality on these is that and I think the reality for the way I trade is that I make the most money when we experience parabolic momentum. So, when a stock is going up dollars per share, from five to six to seven to eight to nine to 10 up to 12 to 14 16 18 20 24 all the way up to 30. When we have a stock that goes up $15 a share, that's when I can do really well as you would imagine. Those are the days where I'm pumping out six figures in profit. However, that's not the market that we're in right now. We're not having those types of moves. So, if we're not having 10-point moves, then clearly the next best thing would be like a five-point move. We're not having those either. What about a one-point move? We're getting a couple here and there, and I I suppose you could say this did go up a dollar a share from the very bottom up to the top, but on the actual break out of the first pullback, this was not a dollar per share move. Even Sky Q, which is a little bit higher priced, um you know, 760 up to 860, you know, you got a dollar, but not without some topping tails and a little bit of a struggle. So, if we're not even getting dollar share moves, you know, 50 cents or maybe 75 cents. Well, also my winners uh yesterday and the day before were both about 35 cents a share. 10,000 shares, $3,500, $3,900, which is tolerable. Uh I mean, it's not bad, but it's it those are not huge winners. So, when I look at a stock like ONCSO and I look at the level two and I see how thickly traded it is, I don't expect that I'd even be able to get 20 cents typically. So, this breakout here from 190 up to 220, that was better than I would have expected. Could I have taken 100,000 shares, though, and just compensate for the lack of big cents per share by taking larger shares in position? The problem is um I tend to get slippage when I try to do 100, you know, 200,000 share positions, uh slippage on the entry, slippage on the exit, and that could be 5 cents on either side, uh which is obviously going to be a significant amount of money with those kinds of shares. I pay fees and commissions on um each share that goes through the uh direct access routing, so that's going to be more expensive and I generally find that when I do it, um, it's it's it's not very easy to get out. You know, I I I can buy, but then to get out I've got to kind of slowly leg out and as soon as I start selling I feel like the algorithm sees these big sell orders and kind of pushes the price down. I don't know, it just I I really don't find that I statistically do well in these lower price stocks and taking bigger positions doesn't make me do better. Um, this one does have a very low float, which is interesting because, you know, I think you could kind of call into question, um, there's an element of like how how legitimate how legitimate is that float? You know, like just for the sake of argument, right now, I think you could buy 600,000 shares of this stock. And in theory, if this really truly had a 600,000 share float, if you bought all of those shares, then there would be no other shares to trade. So, as you start buying them up, the price would go higher and higher and higher because while there's only a 586,000 shares available to buy, that's also, you know, the most that could be sold to you, of course, right? So, it's going to go up in price very quickly as you try to accumulate that large of a position. So, is it possible that someone today bought a 600,000 share position or even a million share position? I mean, it's got 93 million shares of volume. And so, I find it improbable that this could be actually a 500,000 share float. Um, so we'll pull up BAM SEC here. We'll check it, ONCSO. Uh, look at the 10K, which is not that not that long ago. So, let's see. So, they say as of March 11th, they had 3.5 million share float. So, let's just check this. So, but they did on March 20 Right. So, then divide by five, right? So, you know, so there you go. So, that is what they're reporting the float to be. So, then this is this is where I I start to wonder sometimes about whether or not some of these commission-free brokers, the payment for order flow brokers, are almost allowing people just to trade like pretend money. I mean, I I don't I don't know cuz every trade has to clear and settle. Some of the offshore brokers, I don't know exactly how they do things, but it it just feels like this price action of being this thickly traded to me doesn't is not representative of a a stock with a 600,000 share float. It just doesn't make sense. So, another possible explanation is you could go into the filings and look to see, well, is this a company that in the past has sold a lot of warrants? Because if they've sold a lot of warrants, then there may be people that hold shares or could hold shares through the warrants. That creates a different level of supply which we may not be initially aware of. Um and then the second thing that's possible is if the company has um a shelf registration, which would allow them to sell shares on the open market. And in theory, all day today, they could have an underwriter who's pressing the sell button on half million share blocks and just selling them on the market. And if they could sell 10 million shares on the open market today. You know, that'd be 1/10 of the volume. And all of a sudden then the float changes from 500,000 shares to 10.5 million shares. And that then this price action would support that a little bit more. So, in order to check to see if they've got a filing or shelf registration, we look in here under the prospectuses and registrations. And so, they have S-1s down here. Business combination disclosure. This was um just filed. So, now And actually, I didn't even look very closely at the headline on this because to me, I I just knew from the price point that I wasn't interested in it, but uh but this this is interesting. Um So, I'd have to get into the details of this a little bit more. Sometimes, I don't know if that's the case, but sometimes, in order to finance some of these uh transactions, uh shares have to be sold. But in any event, um the price action of this is typical of a lower-priced stock, and even with a low float, it just it's it's not trading as if it's got a low float. So, this one for me is is of no interest. Um GLMD, a cheaper stock that has popped up on the scanners a number of times. No interest in that. It's just too cheap. If we go back to the scans earlier in the morning, let's see. We'll roll way back here. So, we had e lab hitting the scan again this morning. I said, "Nope. I I'm just Look, it it had this big move back here. It sold off, then it starts to bounce. I'm not um I I'm I'm I'm I can't possibly. So, uh that one was a no. JTAI, this one earlier. Um you know, CLIK, this one is a Hong Kong company. So, we had this pop up to three, it dropped back down, pops back up. I was sort of considering this one um around 7:00 a.m., but because it was Chinese with no news, I just felt like I don't know if I could trust it. And so, my feeling was I don't want to take a trade unless I've got like, you know, 95% conviction that I will make money on it and that it's going to work. You know, the bar is set a lot higher right now because of the recent losses that I've had. I want to continue to build on the green days from Tuesday and Wednesday and I really don't want to have, you know, a big red day where I lose 7 or 8,000 and then I'm right back to the low of, you know, where I was at on Monday, right? I don't want to do that. So, at this point I just have to stay really focused on good quality setups, good quality stocks and it's look, it's unfortunate that we didn't have any today but but there's nothing I can do about that. Um, you know, we didn't have better setups and so I could choose how I respond to it and that's what I have in my control and I chose not to take any trades. I said none of these are quite right and so I'm just going to hold off. UCAR yesterday did end up making a really big move from a dollar all the way up to like $4 a share. Mostly going into power hour into the close and then after hours. So, no trades on that for me. Uh, overall market S&P 500, you know, back this up here. Um, so I'm going to turn my 200 moving average back on. Hang on. So, you could see this position here, this sort of sell-off with everything going on in the Middle East and then the ceasefire and the market bounces up here. But, you know, it's a little precarious and kind of just hanging out up here is there's still a lot of unknown about what's going to happen. So, um, I I have to say though, I mean the fact is the market bounces like 10%, you know, from down here to here. These are such big swings in the S&P 500. It it would be hard to be fully invested in the S&P 500 um, given this the level of volatility that we that we see. Um, you know, it's one of these things like with cryptocurrency and Bitcoin I've always kind of said, you know, if people are actually going to use it as a currency, it really needs more stability because no one wants their currency to be going up and down 50% within 6 months. It's just hard to feel comfortable with that. So, this drawdown here on the S&P was like a 20% drop, right? So, we have this 20% drop, and then off the low there, you know, we rally up, um you know, 46% off the low from the low point. I mean, that's that's that's unbelievable. 46%. Uh you know, that's insane. And then it it's just I don't know. It just kind of blows my mind. Anyways, it is what it is. So, my game plan for tomorrow, it's Friday going into the weekend. Um I don't really expect that we're necessarily going to have any big news catalyst tomorrow. Uh so, it may not be a exciting finish to the week, but I'll be here as always, and hopefully maybe there'll be one stock, I only need one, that looks good, and I'll break the ice and take that one trade. One and done. Get in, get green, and get out. So, that's what I'll be looking for tomorrow, and then you know, next week start fresh. Um but, I still have, you know, ways to go on digging myself out of this hole. So, it's going to take some time, but just slow and steady is the way. So, that's it for me. Reminder as always, trading is risky, and my results are typical, and I'll see you guys streaming first thing tomorrow morning at 7:00 a.m. for members of Warrior Trading.