Title: Watch List for MONDAY After a 3,310% Short Squeeze on Friday!
Views: 34588
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=GJd6CkCw-hQ
======================================================================

[music] What's up everyone? All right, so in today's episode, I'm going to give you my watch list for Monday morning and the game plan for the first full week for the month of February. That's right, January is in the history books. And you know what? I got myself off to a pretty good start and I hope you did as well. We had a few really great opportunities. Middle of the month, we had the stock High Roller that had that catalyst with Crypto.com bringing prediction markets here into the United States. That stock ended up making a huge move. The next day we had our first 1,000% gain in one day. And then last week, last week things got pretty insane. We had a couple of stocks that made unbelievable moves. TCGL going from about $10 a share up to $450 in one day. Wow, that was insane. And then just on Friday, we had ELPW, which also went up well over a,000% from a low of 50.7 cents a share all the way up to $15. So last week ended up being my best week of the month for January. So let's go ahead and jump on the screen share and I'm going to break down my watch list for tomorrow and for the week ahead. Um, but first let's just take a look at how January finished. So January 1st, um I came into the month with a little less than $100,000 in my account. I finished with just under $500,000. Wow. Okay. So the account is up 4x in one month, over 300% or just shy of 300%. I I'm blown away. This is a phenomenal start. So, this is from my broker and I've got only part of the window shown because the the top part is where you see my uh account numbers. But if we look right here, um this is the import of all of those trades into trader view, which is where I can see my metrics. So, you can see the first week of the month uh was a little bit slower. Uh had a no trade day on Friday and then another one on Wednesday. The second week, this is where we had high roller and then another stock on Thursday and Friday, both that were uh really strong. And then um no trades on Monday, no trades on Thursday. This week was a little bit slower. And then last week it was just, you know, second biggest day of the year, $59,000 there on uh Tuesday the 27th. Uh Wednesday the 28th was really solid. Thursday was a little bit of a miss. And then Friday was pretty good as well. So, I like to do this kind of highlevel look back because this helps me create a profile of what I should be looking for in the days and weeks to come. So, um I'm going to just jump on here to yeartodate. And so, we're going to see the year-to- date performance. Uh $43,000 in gross profit accuracy 80% that I feel really good about. I am trading less but so total number of trades only 123 trades over the course of four weeks. So I'm trading less um you know that's averaging about 30 trades a week. So, you know, I'm I'm not even taking 10 trades a day, which in typically uh an average decent month I I would, but this month has been more like, you know, five, six trades a day, less, but taking bigger positions on those setups because I feel more confident. And so, in turn, my average winners are $4,400 and my average losers are only 1,700. So now I've got, you know, a really solid profit loss ratio here, um, which sets me up, uh, well, even if I didn't have 80% accuracy, but then combined with high accuracy, it's really coming together. So day of the week, that's been the best so far. Wednesdays, something to pay attention to. Usually I kind of lean in on Monday, kind of try to build my cushion. If it goes well, I'm more aggressive Tuesday and then Wednesday kind of peak aggression and then cool off going into the weekend, not wanting to have a big loss on Thursday and Friday and kind of have a sour note at the end of the week. Performance by time of day. You can see I'm doing the best between the hours of 8 and 9:00 a.m. That's definitely where I'm doing the best. Um, I'm having a lot of trades between 7 and 8. Only a few more trades. 47 trades between 7 and 8:00 a.m. 52 trades between 8 and 9, but the trades between 8 and 9 are really counting and making a lot more profit. And then between 9 and 10, a little bit less. And then I think I only had one trade in the afternoon, which was a test trade, just to test a hotkey. Uh performance by price. So doing really well on stocks between five and 10. That's my sweet spot. Biggest loss was on a higher price stock. That was unfortunate, but it is what it is. Obviously making more money when I trade with bigger share size. That's kind of a given, but um I suppose not necessarily. You could be someone that with bigger share size becomes more erratic and then loses. Um and then if we look at the instruments, we'll see that you know High Roller was definitely my biggest winner. Then we had HIND, PAVM, GRRI, LRHC, and a theme among a lot of these stocks was either recent IPO, therefore a blue sky setup, or a recent reverse split. So, those are things we definitely want to pay attention to. And what I'm going to do now is I'm going to jump onto the whiteboard and let's kind of talk about the profile of the type of stocks that I did the best on. I'm going to switch to a brighter color here uh in January. And this is going to give us some direction as to what I should be focusing on here for February. So, we're going to start with price. So, obviously between 2 and 20 is fine, but between 5 and 10 kind of special focus, right? So, get a little more dialed in between five and 10. Um, then we're going to have um shares traded. So, 20K uh plus. Now, this is for me. That's this is just it's not going to be for everyone, but for me, essentially, if I don't feel confident enough to take 20,000 shares, I shouldn't even take the trade because I'm not going to make enough money on it. And then it's an opportunity cost because I'm focusing on this stock with, you know, 2,000 shares and I'm not going to make that much on it. So, it's not even worth it. Which then the the reason I would trade with lower size, it's usually because it's too expensive. So, as long as I'm staying within this uh sort of lower price range, those shares are going to make sense for me. Um then let's look at relative volume RV. So, if we look at relative volume and even total volume, I made the most on stocks that had more than 25 million shares of volume on the day. And I did the best on stocks that had five times higher volume than their 50-day average. as you could see right there. So, 5x and up. That was a minimum. All right. So, that's something we definitely want to keep paying attention to. Um, I did have some good profits on some stocks that had continuation days. Um, so this is based on the previous day, which is kind of interesting. Um, so I actually did really well on some continuation days where day one was strong and then day two was even stronger and it kept moving higher. And then of course I did well on stocks that were up more than 10% on the day. So um percentage change uh 10% minimum. And then float um we know generally 20 million is my cutoff but under 5 million um again kind of special focus uh for the last month. This is where we saw some of the biggest moves. So, this is kind of the profile of the type of stocks I'm going be paying attention to. And again, um, with a special note for recent, uh, oops, recent, uh, IPO slash blue sky, uh, and recent reverse split. I'll just do RS for reverse split. All right. So now, as we kind of transition to working on a watch list for um for Monday, uh let me remind you guys um by the way who are tuning in uh perhaps on uh YouTube who've been watching for a while from the sidelines. If you want to do a two-eek trial, you are welcome to join us. We've got a link for a two-eek trial. It's going to be pinned at the top of the comments and in the description. And during that two-eek trial, you'll be able to have access to this software right here. So when you come over to the members dashboard, you'll come over to the dashboard, you open the software, the first time you log in, you've got to sign your market data agreements, and then you'll have access to live real-time market data for your charts, for your scanners, and then you'll have the breaking news feed. We have news um that's populating right here. And then you'll also have access to uh our chat rooms. So you'll have access to my chat room right here, and you'll see when my stream is running, and it begins at 7 a.m. Eastern Standard Time each morning. So, the twoe trial is 20 bucks. You're gonna get a lot out of it. So, I hope you guys check it out. All right. So, and that'll get the first two weeks of February off to a great start. Uh you'll certainly learn a lot. So, EP ELPW from Friday, this one because it closed below 75 cents on the previous day on Thursday. It was halting with 30 cent halt bands, 15 cents up, 15 cents down. That becomes very difficult to trade. Uh I did not take any trades on it. In spite of this huge move, I didn't feel comfortable with it. And so that's fine. Uh it ended up selling off kind of into after hours when we no longer have halts. So is this something we should consider on Monday? Well, because it closed now above $3 on Friday, the halt bands will be every 10%. So that means if it opens at 5 on Monday morning at 9:30 a.m., then it would halt up at 550. So, the halt bands will be a little bit more forgiving and we might see some momentum on it at 4:00 a.m. But I feel like what tends to happen with these types of moves got a ton of volume, 25 million shares, everyone was paying attention to it and it was exciting when it was going up. How high will it go? But the high was set in and now it's just all on the backside. So, I think traders are going to be instead looking for the next one. So, what's going to be the next one? Well, this was a Chinese small cap stock. Um TCGL from earlier in the week was a uh Singapore company. So foreign listed companies have been um a bit you know more popular I suppose right now. So that's um worth noting. Uh BUU uh or B3US triple U. Uh this one squeezed up on light volume came all the way back down. So uh also for listed Hong Kong you've got to be a little careful on some of these. This one, however, the daily chart had shown us it had already popped up not that long ago and given back all the gains. So, it wasn't shocking that it would do that again. Um, if it had gotten over that level and been a blue sky setup, that would have been better, but it wasn't able to do that. So, I would say that um it's been pretty consistent in the last couple weeks that we've gotten some really nice moves off the recent reverse split scanner, but some of those moves have turned into um essentially round trips where the stock, yes, squeezed up, but then didn't hold those gains. So, CISS, um this is one recent reverse split, as you can see right there. Lots of room to the 200, but on Friday, it was not clean. It popped up, sold off. Popped up, sold off, and I couldn't trust it. So, of course, I didn't trade it. Um, let's see. NVNO. This was on my watch list last Friday or sorry, last um Sunday. And uh just for the reason it's a recent reverse split, and I said if it comes out with news, it's got a lot of room to the 200 moving average. It's also a US company, so it's not likely to be restricted at the commission free brokers such as uh Weeble or Think or Swim or Interactive Brokers, Trade Station, any of the others. So maybe worth watching again if it has news. OCG Chinese stock very hard to trust. You could see this huge spike gave it all back and now that's part of the forever history of this company. So that's going to be a no. PCLA. Uh this one already tried to pop up a little bit but wasn't able to. If it comes out with news it could work. It's Japanese. um they don't have the same history as um the other foreign uh companies. So I'm not as worried about, you know, like a pump and dump on it, but um I also don't know if it'll end up working. And it might still be restricted at Commission Free Brokers, even though Japanese stocks have not historically been a problem. Anyways, um MKDW, this one um split was on the 26. So recent split 200 moving average is a little closer just under $9. So that might be a problem because with these they pop up so quickly that next thing you know it's at $67 and then uhoh we're coming into the 200. So it would need really good news for it to not only hit the 200 but to break through that level. Uh going further down the scan some of these splits were a little earlier in the month. So I've already looked at them and they haven't worked. BTOG um also known as BTOG. This one uh has room up to 25 split back here, but higher volume kind of right at the split and then a little bit of volume here. Even though to light in total, but relatively higher can kind of mess that up. So, that's probably not going to work. ICU, this one, US company, but you know, it's a little cheaper right now. 200 moving average, just under 12. PAVVM. This one, I think we got a trade on this one last week as I recall. Uh, yeah, we did. We had the day here where this thing, this was crazy. It actually went from $8 all the way up to $28 a share and it was on my watch list. Um, and I had said this was worth watching and boom, they came out with news and the thing exploded. And this is kind of the case study for why we should be paying attention to these recent reverse splits. They might not all work, but then when they do, they can work really nicely. So, those are our recent reverse splits. Um, blue sky setups and recent IPOs. So, we haven't had a lot of recent IPOs um that have been working really well. Unfortunately, it's they've just been a little bit heavy. Um, but you know, when I pull up the daily chart and I see that it's a somewhat recent IPO, then I do get interested. So I look at this and it's like well above you know 575ish um you know that that could work. Um but you know um at the same time without a catalyst it's probably not going to work. It's probably not going to open up. So we need the fresh catalyst. Um one of the advantages with blue sky with a recent IPO is that the insider lockout period is still restricting selling. So often, it's not always the case, but it's often the case. So we don't usually have as much selling pressure early on. And then secondly, a lot of IPOs um because there's not a lot of uh owners of the stock initially, especially with a small cap IPO, there's not a lot of shares available to borrow. And so without a lot of shares to borrow, that also sets us up where um you can have uh an imbalance more to the buy side on the supply demand um equation. But I don't think this is going to work realistically unless it has a big headline. Um, and also being a Hong Kong company is h it's a little bit hard to trust right now. So I would say at this point we have a few stocks um you know that I had mentioned in um from recent reverse splits and I would say NVNO is still on the watch. That one's probably the best contender but you know would really benefit from uh from some type of catalyst. So, it's the right space, medical equipment and supplies. So, you know, the the market's primed well that if they come out with a good headline, this could rip. But if we don't get the headline, then it's it's not going to happen. And if it starts to squeeze on no news, it'll probably just do a round trip. Uh, which is even worse. So, I really want to make sure it has news before I jump on it. uh PHOE from Friday also a Hong Kong company that in after hours you know from 10 all the way up to 130 extremely light volume. Um these border on the illusion of hotness because how much could you have really traded uh these and you know how much size and how much could you have really made and I kind of question that. I think ELPW was certainly more liquid um but just something to consider. FATB. This one was a little too cheap. Didn't trade that. Uh TCGL, that one. You know, we've had stocks like this that do end up breaking this sort of longer wedge and squeezing up. And we've seen moves to 900 and a,000 before, but how many shares do I be comfortable taking on it? And the risk of a T12 halt, I just don't think it's worth it. So, you know, it's far outside my go-to price range of where I typically do the best. So, I think for right now, I'm just going to um stick with watching the top gainer scanner bright and early each morning, watching the small cap high day scanner, and trying to focus on stocks that fit fit well within these five pillars of stock selection that I broke down with for you. And especially if they already have a recent reverse split, a recent IPO, blue sky setup, you know, andor fit really closely within the price and float that have given us some explosive moves. And when all that happens and there's a good catalyst, that's when things will get exciting. And the fact is I don't need to trade every day uh this week or any week uh I I can be disciplined about waiting for good quality setups to come along. So I had two trades on Friday, I had five trades on Thursday, seven on Wednesday, 12 on Tuesday, three on uh Monday. So on days when it's a little slower, I'm definitely undertrading. I do feel like I could push it a little harder on days when it's hot, but uh I did here and that was pretty good. I didn't as much on this particular day. So, but this was also early in the month and I had just had a red day a couple days before. So, in any case, I want to try to uh dig deep and trade a little longer and take more trades on days when the market's really hot, but then on days when it's colder, just completely take my foot off the gas and say, I'm not going to participate in this market if we're not seeing good opportunities. So right now, even though my base hit is only, you know, to try to hit a 25 cent winner, 20 25 cents, um, if I look at a chart and I don't think it has the potential to go up like 50 cents a share, 2550 cents a share, you know, kind of at the minimum, I I borderline don't even want to try trading it because the thing is, if the most it has in it is the potential to go up 15 cents, you never capture that full potential. So then your best case scenario is probably only seven cents a share. And that to me doesn't really justify the risk um you know involved with even taking the trade in the first place. So this these last few weeks when I've been looking at setups you know and I see something like TCGL or you know any of the others I'm like does this have the potential to go up 50 cents a share you know from four to 450 from 450 to five or even a dollar a share. And um and that's you know those are the ones I'm trading now. Right now my average winners um year to date are still only about 26 cents a share. This is better. It's improvement over last year uh so far but it's only four weeks in you know but but nonetheless 26 cents a share. So to be up $400,000 um in profit, you know, roughly on the year with these relatively small average winners speaks to the fact that it's quality over quantity and being more aggressive and taking bigger positions when I see those setups that are working. Um would I scale that all the way down to just trading once a week? I highly doubt it. Um I'm still showing up every day. I still think mo more days than not not there are opportunities but I just don't want to put pressure on myself that I need to trade if there are not really good quality setups and I hope you guys feel the same way. So um with that let me remind you as always that of course trading is risky and my results aren't typical and there's no guarantee you'll find success whether you trade on your own or you learn from me. I think it makes a lot of sense to learn from someone who is proven profitable, and I am. And I'd love to have you guys join us for a two-eek trial and see what it's like to be a member of Warrior Trading. So, with that, I will be streaming bright and early tomorrow morning at 7 a.m. Eastern Standard Time. And I hope to see you guys in the chat room. Make sure you sign up tonight or early tomorrow morning. That way, you can sign your market data agreements and you'll have streaming real-time data at 7 a.m. when I start. If you sign up at 6:55, then you got to sign your market date agreements and you might miss some of the action right at 7 am. So, you don't want that to happen. All right. So, with that, I'll see you guys bright and early tomorrow morning.