Title: Discipline or Doubt?
Views: 28705
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=5n24P_MtUEg
======================================================================

What's up everyone? All right, so in today's episode I'm going to break down my trades from the morning. It's Monday morning. It's a snowstorm in New England. It's a snow day for pretty much everyone. I've got two young children, so they're out of school for the day and I didn't expect to be able to get as much work done as I typically would on a Monday. But I suppose as it turned out that was okay because the market is still very cold, very quiet. So when I first pulled up the scanners this morning, I didn't see much that I liked at all. And as I sat here waiting hoping for news at 7:00, 7:30, 8:00, 8:39, it just didn't happen. There were a few stocks that popped up and I said, "No, I'm not going to pull the trigger on them." And I'm glad that I held off. I'm looking at one stock right now that popped up to eight, then dropped down to five, then popped again up to eight, and then dropped down to $3.50 a share. It could have been very easy to get wrecked on these. I left them alone. So, today is a no trade day. Let's jump on in the screen share and break it down. All right, so you could see the P&L there, 00000. Absolutely nothing for today. But you know what? It's I I I try to remind myself as always, I mean I'm literally in the middle of a blizzard here and I just in trading I think about taking shelter from the storm. Right now it's just about hunkering down. Did I have big plans of all the things I wanted to do? Yeah, so did so so did the deer and the foxes and you know, the other animals out in the woods. But you know what? Today's the day that just you get down, you get somewhere warm, you just wait. You just wait it out. And that's all you can do. And the market's very much like that. When it's hot, yeah, absolutely. Pedal to the metal. Let's get aggressive. When it's cold, you can fight hard, but you're going to spin your wheels. You're not going to get anywhere. So, you know, it it's the right move to quit. And it's not giving up. It's not It's not doesn't have to be interpreted with negative connotation. It's just admitting that this is not the time that I should be aggressive. So, if you're looking for a book to read here during the snowstorm or maybe listen to on audiotape, this is a good one. Quit: The Power of Knowing When to Walk Away, right? Or when to quit, whatever it is. Um by Annie Duke. This is a book I think you guys would really enjoy and I'll give you a second one by the same author in case you already read the first one or want to tune in for the second one. Uh this one right here, which is uh Thinking in Bets. So, you know, make the most of the snow day, study up a little bit. It's true that we don't have a lot of good opportunities um of stocks that are really worth trading today, uh but it doesn't mean the the learning has to stop completely. So, um let's look at the leading gainer, ACLX, up um 77%. Awesome. 18 million shares of volume. Why didn't I trade it? Well, because it's not moving. Why isn't it moving? Because it's a buyout. So, when companies are bought out, they trade sideways. Um sometimes with a little discount over the buyout price um and that discount is to account for the fact uh that the buyout in theory could potentially not go through if something crazy comes up um and you already see there's a couple of firms, you know, law firms investigating whether or not this is a fair price. So, you're going to see this all the time. Uh law firms will put out headlines. It's almost like an advertisement for the law firm disguised as a press release. Um what they're trying to do is they're trying to see if there's um you know, and so this one we see all the time, Halper. Um I think of it cuz of Jim Halper in The Office, but uh I don't know if that's how you spell his last name. But anyways, um you see this all the time. So, um these lawyers, you know, if they can get enough people to call them, then, you know, maybe they can go to the company and Anyways, this is an acquisition by Gilead. Um huge pharmaceutical company buying ACLX, $115 a share plus contingent value right of up to $5 a share based on certain milestones. How can you say that that's not a pretty good deal for shareholders? The stock is up 100% and 77% but that's pretty awesome. When was the last time it traded at $115 a share? Let's just back that up. Never. Okay, so yeah, seems like a pretty good deal. But I suppose for some shareholders they might say I didn't want my shares to get bought out. You know, think about Whole Foods. When Whole Foods got bought by Amazon a lot of people were like, I don't I want to keep keep owning Whole Foods. I don't want this commingled inside Amazon stock. I want to own Whole Foods as a stock, not Amazon. Well sorry. It's that's not the way it works when the company gets bought out. So it is what it is. But anyway, so that one's no trade. RAAQW. No volume on this one. Not really sure what the deal is. It looks like it's a some type of warrants but then YMAT, 59 million shares of volume. It's too cheap for me. ALUR, 87 million shares of volume. Why? Why are people trading this? It's not moving. I mean it's sideways. I don't really understand it. It kind of boggles my mind that there's this much volume. You look at it, it's very thickly traded. And so you know what I suspect, if I'm going to be honest, what I suspect is that the people trading this are people who are using commission-free brokers. With a broker like mine, the broker that I use, Lightspeed, if I traded this, if I bought 10,000 shares, so what's the math? If I buy 10,000 shares of this and I'll turn on my whiteboard camera. I wasn't expecting to need to cuz this is going to be such a short recap but um I'll turn it on. So pull up the whiteboard here. So let's say um 10,000 shares at a dollar and 62 cents. So I'm buying 16,200 dollars of stock, but I have to pay a fee of 0.003 to buy. That's 30 bucks. That's the ECN fee to route my order through NASDAQ. That's NASDAQ's routing fee. Now, if I did that same 10,000 share order with thinkorswim or Schwab or Weble, whatever, um you have free commissions. So, you don't pay the $30, right? So, you still buy 16,200 dollars of stock. And if you can make $30 on it, well, uh you're up $30 on the day. So, you're not suddenly at like a deficit that you've got to recoup uh just on your first trade, which is nice. Uh so, my suspicion um is that the people primarily generating, you know, 100 or what is it? 87 million shares of volume on this one um are people that are doing commission-free trades. So, just buying, selling, buying, selling, trying to make 30 bucks. Uh you know, make make 40 bucks, 50 bucks. And just jumping in and out. So, I'm just going to pull this up really quickly here um on my uh my Roth account. So, let me just move this down here. I'll tell you, thinkorswim is like the least cooperative platform. It's the one platform that it's so funny. It doesn't like to be dragged from monitor to monitor. I have no idea why. So, every time I try to drag it down to another monitor, it just it's like a mule. It just says, "I don't want to move." So, all right, here we go. So, let's see. So, what we're going to type up ALU. ALU currently 6364. So, if I just did like a 5,000 share order real quick, um did buy market. So, see how I filled 63999? Now, if I put my order on the ask um up here, then what you would hope is that you get out, maybe you get a little price improvement, you get out. And since I got filled at 63.99 63.99 it's only a penny below 164. But if this could go if you got in right as it pops up to 165 for instance, you know, you cancel the order. So, I'll put it up at let's see. Do sell, put it up on the ask, whatever. But nonetheless, even if I just put it on on the ask there at 64. Kind of the idea there is you would pick up a teeny bit of price improvement. And then on top of the price improvement because there's no commission, you kind of get a little win. And so this ends up being, you know, lots of traders who are buying and selling 5,000, maybe 10,000 share blocks on this just to try to make half a cent per share. Because look, half a cent per share, it it adds up. So, if you time it right, you know, the moment the level two jumps up one penny, you'll be able to, you know, pop right back out of that thing. So, that's my best guess at how this could possibly have 87 million shares of volume in spite of the fact that it's clearly, you know, it's not really moving that much. It's very thickly traded. What's really the point? So, you know, I could be wrong. Maybe there's people that see something in this that I don't see. But the stock's not really moving, you know, it's just it's just going sideways. So, anyway, so I'll I'll cancel that sell order. I'll just do sell market. I don't really don't care about it. And look, there you go. I got 50 cents of profit. So, that doesn't really make sense. But I'm telling you that same exact trade, that same exact trade at Lightspeed would not have been a 50 cent winner. It would have been a loser, and I would have also lost with the fees and commissions. So, you know, this is where commission-free traders, they start you punch that 10 times in a day and I mean, you're not going to do all that for $5. But you know, you you punch it just the right time, you can make maybe half a penny. That's $25, right? You do that a couple more times, now you're making a little progress. So, anyways, I'm not interested in in doing that, but I know enough people are. Um I think it's kind of scraping the bottom of the barrel, but uh you know, as you wish. So, ALUR, no interest in that one. Um let's see. We go back on the scans, what do we have? Oh, we had um Edible, EDBL. So, this one popped up um for a split second, had news at 8:30 in the morning. Um I saw that hit the scanner, you could see it popped right there. I didn't touch it. I was like, nope, not touching that. But NCI, this is the one that was a real heartbreaker today. So, I had put it on my watchlist yesterday. I said, if it broke over 11, I'd be interested, but I was skeptical that that would happen. But if it could, that that'd be interesting. Premarket, it opens lower, sells off, and then it pops right here from seven. I pulled it up when it was at 7:50 right here. And I said this morning, I was like, you know what? I'm not even going to open my level two window. I'm not even going to get tempted. I don't want to look at level two, cuz if I look at level two, I'm going to see something like this and I'm probably going to jump in it. And so, I was just looking at the chart and I thought, well, it does look tempting at 7:50, 7:60, and this is probably where I would have jumped in. And I saw some of you guys say you got in at 7:50, you got out at $8. Nice. It pops up to 8:30, and then it drops all the way back down to 7:70, and then it does a lot of another little pullback here and goes up to 8:50. And I thought, oh, maybe I should, but it has no news, and then it flushes here back to 6:70 and gave back the whole thing. And then it goes red. It sells off even more, right? All the way down here to 5:50. So, then at the open, it rallies back up here, breaks back through 7:20, squeezes back up, even halts up right there at about 7:85, opens higher to 8:20, then drops down hard here and halts once going down 580. Then halt opens and immediately halts again, then opens and goes all the way down to almost $3.40 before bouncing back up. Yikes. That is not clear. That is a clean that is not safe. Um that is not pro. We don't like to see that. So that's no good. Uh and now it's bouncing back up again. I've got no interest in trading that. It had no news today. It was a Hong Kong stock. We knew it had risk and it showed us that risk again today. So yeah, there was nothing on that. Um there I mean there was just nothing. I I I guess again based on my quality standard, but I just didn't see anything that was worth pulling the trigger on. So um it was a no trade day and I think if I had forced it, I would almost certainly be green. Oh, Tops. This one popped up and hit the scanner as well. Popped up, rejected, no trades. So I held discipline. This isn't what I want no trade days, but um it's it's the right thing in this market. It's certainly better than having a red day. So maintaining discipline, uh keeping things in check and for those of you guys that are new, the best way you can spend the time during cold markets um you know, is certainly reading books about trading. They're helpful. Listening to books audio books, rewatching the classes and watching the live trading archives. Because when the market heats back up, you want to make sure you're able to capitalize on it and you know how to trade in those hot markets. So I would encourage you to study those live archives certainly members of Warrior Trading and um and that's the best use you of your time I would say at this point. Yes, you could take some trades on stocks like NCI um in the simulator. I mean it's moving enough that it's worth messing around with. Now look at this. This is amazing. This thing halted up at $6.18 and showing a $4 resumption. This is classic. These these these players in the game in the market, these Chinese stocks, they don't care. They are so ruthless. will just uh they will burn you so badly. You just got to know when to keep your hands away from the stove. You know, I I've done well trading them. I don't like to say I would never trade them, but when when they work they can work, but you've got to be so careful. So anyways, that's my recap for today. It's a snow day. Not much to say about it, but we'll live to trade another day. Hunker down, stay safe, and we'll be back at it first thing tomorrow morning. Reminder, as always, those of you guys that haven't already subscribed to the channel, hit that subscribe button, hit the thumbs up. You guys know I do recaps every single day whether it's a red day, green day, or a no trade day. And reminder as always that trading is risky. My results aren't typical. So manage your risk, take it slow, and I'll see you guys back here streaming at 7:00 a.m. tomorrow morning.