Title: Slow & Steady Wins the Race!
Views: 25323
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=BiCYyGaTteE
======================================================================

What's up, everyone? All right, so in today's episode, I'm going to break down my trades for the morning. Guess what? I took one trade today, which means I broke a two-day no trade cold streak. Thank goodness for that, but that one trade produced a profit of just $54610. Not even enough for a bag of groceries. Well, maybe enough for a bag of groceries, but it's a small green day. In fact, it's probably the smallest green day I've had of the entire year. Maybe the smallest green day I've had in uh over a full year. I It's very rare that I would have a day this small. I mean, if I have a red day, it's a red day. If I have a green day, usually it's a green day. $546 is kind of just like really, but this is this state of the current market. It's cold. So, I traded with small size. I traded with 1,000 shares. And so, I did end up making 50 50 54 cents per share. That's That's great. A 54 cent per share winner is solid in terms of cents per share. If I'd had 10,000 shares, I'd be up at $5,400. But I wouldn't have been comfortable taking that kind of size. Why? Because the market has been cold. And so I told myself, throttle it back. Dial it down. Go small. Don't deploy that risk. Not right now. Really be cautious. And so I am really grateful that I had the presence of mind to take my foot off the gas. That's what I did. I slowed down. I'm not in a draw down right now. Knock on wood. I'm just going really slowly being very surgical. If I see something popping up, I'm jumping on it. So, let's go ahead jump on the screen share and let's break down the trades for today. So, let's see. We're going to go full screen here and I'm going to uh roll back to the beginning of this scan. We really didn't have much on the scans this morning. I mean, it's this was almost a no trade day. it it could have easily been a third no trade day and I probably would have been better off for it because the stock I traded really didn't work that well. But uh so I sat down this morning, looked at the scans and we had FRGT that had popped up a little bit earlier. Now the problem with this one, it's a little cheaper. It's very thickly traded. Not that interesting. You could see that it did come back up here. Tried to break those pre-market highs and then it kind of rolled over. So that one no good. Um OBI, this one keeps popping up on the scanner. It doesn't work. I'm over it. BATL, this one, um, this one popped up right here, um, from 420 all the way up to $5. Boom. Came all the way back down. We call that a round trip. Now, you might want a roundtrip ticket when you're going somewhere like, I don't know, where's somewhere no one really wants to stay. I don't know. Um, but with stocks, you don't want roundtrip tickets. You want one-way tickets. One way to the moon. one way straight to, you know, $5 to $100 a share. And no, we didn't get that on this one. Not even close. But it doesn't surprise me because it's an oil corporation. Fossil fuels. These are a snooze. We don't usually get big moves on them. I mean, every now and then, but it's pretty rare. So then, um, CRCL Circle, this was the IPO that's in the crypto space. Um, really nice move today. No, no question about it. But context, the stock IPOed um over the summer ended up making about $30,000 on the IPO day and ended up going all the way up to $300 a share. Well, that was when crypto markets were peaking, right? So, this stock went up, you know, 5x and now crypto markets have dropped and this has come all the way back down to here. So, yes, it's bouncing up today and if you're really zoomed in, that looks awesome, but if you're zoomed out, it doesn't look so good. So, it depends on your perspective. Um, in any case, it's 153 million share float. No trades on it pre-market. Grinds up a little bit, sells off at the open, then curls up here. It's a nice move, but it's just too expensive. Float's too high. I didn't feel comfortable with that. So, FRGT hits the scans a couple more times. Nothing there. BNAI hits the scanner at 7:30. So, this one interesting has a daily window or a gap. Apologies. It's a gap from $34.98 to $5024. So, I do look at these levels quite a bit. I'm actually going to grab a screenshot of this. I always like to get a good um a good screenshot of a gap or a window. Um so, I'm just going to grab that screenshot. I'll add that to slides to add to the classes. So, um so let's see, new slides. There it is. So, we had this gap down right here and it creates this gap on the chart. And so when the stock gets up to the gap, often resistance at the bottom of the gap, but then once we get into it, we've got room up to 50. So that I like the idea of, but unfortunately it wasn't strong enough uh to be able to get into that level. It just doesn't have the relative volume. The relative volume is too low. There's not a catalyst, so couldn't do it. Um and then ALB floats too high, price too high. A couple others that aren't quite right. And then INBS. This one hit my scanner and honestly I might have jumped on it had I not been getting up and grabbing a cup of tea. So I missed it. Um it pops up on the scanner at 8:10. I didn't see that. But then at 8:45 it hits it again right there. So if we pull this one up on the 10-second chart, you'll see that uh let's see. So it pops up right around here. So it pops up um where was it? Yeah. Okay. So, no, that was it. Sorry. Um, so it was right around here. It sort of popped up, then pulled back, and then right there, sort of pushed higher, and I feel like that break of five, I might have tried to take that trade from five up to 520. Uh, but it didn't work out well. Dropped back down, but I missed it. Uh, grabbing a cup of tea, and it ended up selling off back all the way back to four. In fact, it's down 1% on the day. That's not great. So then top of the hour, AIDS hits the scanners. And this one, it first pops up and this stock I look at and I'm like, okay, daily chart, it's been selling off. Yesterday's high was 10. Could this be the first daily candle to make a new high? And so this one, I saw it had a news catalyst. It pops up and I said, you know what? I'm going to punch it for a,000 shares. And that's what I did. So it pops up right here. And as it hits my scanner at at 9 right here, it goes 9 950 99.999 and it's $9.99 by 10. And so I say, you know what? I'm going to punch it. Shift one. 1,000 shares. I'm in. And it goes up to a high here of 11. And I was like, nice. I'm taking half off the table. I take half off the table at about 1078. Then it drops down. And I sold the rest. Uh let's see. So this is my these are my trades in at 999.99. 1,000 shares. sold half at$1078, the other half or three quarters actually, and then the rest at 9.82 and $546 and then it drops back down and I was like, well, that's a bummer. All right, not getting back in it. Whatever. And now by the end of the day, it sold off even more. Wow, it's down 30%. That's unreal. The stock just has a huge amount of headwind. It just keeps going lower. So, I mean, is this insider selling? Is it institutions bailing out? I don't know. But it just keeps dropping. Could this eventually give you a first daily candle to make a new high? It could, but I I just I'm not I don't know. At a certain point, you just sort of give up. So, that was that one. So, close call, but up 500 on it. Um, now I'll note that I traded this in my taxable account. I forgot to uh so when I log into my platform I can uh tab between my main account and my IRA. I forgot to switch. So I took this in the wrong account which is a drag but it's not really a big deal. It's just not the account that I intend to trade in. I I really try only use that account for when I'm doing demonstrations. When I'm doing demonstrations um for hotkeys and things like that, I'll usually lose, you know, a couple hundred bucks just buying, selling, buying, selling, buying, selling. Hurts my metrics, so I do it in this account. don't really care about it. But my my retirement account is the one I'm really trying to grow. And so anyways, doesn't matter. It's only 500 bucks. But so then uh the bell rings and I just said, "You know what, guys? It's not happening." So I switched gears and I started teaching. So I got back into class and uh I was teaching the rest of day trading the basics today. So we were in uh chapter 15. Chapter 15 is where I share my trading plan. So this was chapter 15, my trading plan part one, my trading plan and the day trading strategy. And so everyone that finishes day trading the basics walks away with this strategy they can implement in their own trading starting today. As always, I encourage you to practice in a simulator before putting real money on the line. So that was um the way I finished the day and I just finished class now. So it's just almost one o'clock. So we're or no, it's 2 o'clock already. Almost two o'clock. So we've we've been teaching for a number of hours here. Um so I was able to finish up day trading the basics which was great and uh day trading strategies and scaling which is my full length class that uh I taught starting in November. I actually started with strategies and scaling and then um went backwards from there to the basics. So now all of strategies and scaling right here uh these 20 chapters these are brand new. Um this slide deck is 29 2296 slides deep. This one is uh about 558 slides deep. And so these classes are now uh wrapped up which is really exciting. So this is all brand new uh for members at Warrior Trading. And you'll have access, of course, to be able to stream the classes anytime you'd like um as I get all these new uh recordings uploaded. They're almost all ready. Uh but got a couple more to finish. So uploading. So anyways, um it's been about three months uh teaching reteing these classes. So we now have all new day trading the basics and day trading strategies and scaling, which is pretty cool. So those are done. And um yeah, and and so the routine now uh is going to continue to be trading in the morning and then doing my recap, going over live trading archives and then adding those archives to our um you know, our our our the curriculum where you can access them later. So that's it for me. It's definitely a slow week. Broke the ice with technically one trade, very small green day. Got to be careful. definitely keeping um you know a tight rain on things right now because it's not super hot but that's okay. Hot streaks, cold streaks, you know this is the way it goes. This is the market. Ups and downs. So just riding the waves of momentum and looking forward to the next hot streak. Hopefully it starts soon. So that's it for me. Reminder as always, trading is risky. My results aren't typical. So manage your risk, take it slow, and I'll see you guys back here first thing tomorrow morning. I'll be streaming at 7:00 a.m. for Warrior Pro members.