Title: Oil Continues to Climb Higher...
Views: 24687
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=tORBGTNTOUo
======================================================================

What's up everyone? All right, well, we made it to the end of the week. This week was a little bit tricky. As you may recall, last week I finished Friday with a red day. And so, I was feeling a little bit nervous coming into the first week for the month of March. Fortunately, I was able to break the ice Monday, Tuesday, some profit. Wednesday, biggest green day of the week. Thursday, things cooled off a little bit. Today, even colder. I'm up $1,760 and 56 cents, which is not bad. It's a green day. Uh I peaked at about 4,800. Just under my $5,000 cold market daily goal. And then, one trade lost about, you know, 3,200 or 3,000, whatever it was, which drops me down to where I am now. So, I never really got a lot of momentum today. I never really got a lot of traction. There were some stocks that were moving, and I think something for us to continue to watch will be catalyst tied in with, um you know, sort of a defense contractor military theme, because those have been the headlines that have gotten the biggest moves. In spite of the fact, interestingly, that oil continues to grind higher, we have not seen really good momentum in the small-cap oil stocks. Really, at all this week. I mean, yes, we did have BATL that popped up and did fairly well, you know, over the last week and into Monday. Uh but, it was it's not been easy to trade. Uh really at all. You know, it sort of popped up and was difficult back there, and it's just I don't know. The moves have been sort of odd times. Um even this morning. So, this was the first trade that I took this morning, and I got in BATL uh right here at about 7:05. I was looking for the break through 27.50. 27.50, I thought if we could break that level, we got into this sort of bigger window with room back up towards the all-time high of 34, almost 35. Um but, it failed. And so, on that first trade, you know, that was a I mean, it's it was a fail, you know, that was not the big winner that I thought and hoped it would be. So in my first trade of the day, you know, it's kind of a a miss. That's not a great start. My second trade of the day, so BATL ends up at the open dropping down, then ripping up, then dropping back down, which is just sort of hard to predict. The second stock I traded today was PRSO. PRSO did come out with news. Um, next generation drone identification system for military applications, da da da da da. So that's the headline. It pops up. It's a little too cheap. I got in at a dollar 48 for the break of a dollar 50. Hit a high of a dollar 64 on that first push higher, but I didn't really manage it very well. It came back down. Uh, got in and out, only made $47. So that was sort of lame. And then we had a trade on INDO. INDO is an energy stock, and so this all of a sudden starts to squeeze here from 580 up to 6, 615, and I jumped in for the break of 620, and I was looking for a squeeze up towards 650. And so where I was getting in was basically like right here in the middle of this pop. So jumped in at about 620, stop was six, was looking for continuation. Ended up going all the way up to 675, and I jumped out. 10,000 shares, $3100. So made 31 cents a share on that one. Not bad, you know, it's 31 cents is good. Um, so at that point was up, uh, you know, 30, 3400, whatever, $3500 on the day. Then we had SNSYNX that hit the scanner. When this one hit the scanner, I initially, um, thought it's too cheap, and then I saw, well, again, it's the headline here, tactical systems, military force, da da da da da. So I I now I probably should pay attention to this." So, on this one um I bought the dip right here um and I was looking for the break through a dollar fifty. It breaks to dollar fifty, goes all the way up to a dollar eighty, I take half off the table, I'm up uh let's see on that first trade about a thousand dollars, twelve hundred dollars. So, that put me up forty-eight hundred on the day. And then um it dips down and it curls back up and I added back right here. And I was looking for the squeeze through the high and it rejects and it rejected hard and I took only ten thousand shares on the first trade. I took twenty-five thousand shares on the second trade. And so then, you know, gave back the profit I had, went red on it. And so that was a bit disappointing. All right. Well, so with that I was up only seventeen hundred on the day and I thought, "This is probably the spot where I should walk away. This is the spot where if I keep trading, in hindsight I'll say if I keep trading and I lose, in hindsight I'll say, 'Why didn't you walk away after you'd given back half your day?'" Right? You gave back more than half your day. I know it wasn't I wasn't ever really up that much, so giving back three thousand dollars isn't a big loss, but I'd rather have a seventeen hundred dollar green day than a seventeen hundred dollar red day or certainly a five thousand dollar red day. So, this is this feels like the right spot to walk away. I gave back half my day. It's a bummer. The market hasn't been that easy. Traded four stocks today. Green on three out of four. Um you know, accuracy generally, I guess, not bad, but we just didn't have follow through on really anything. YSPRSOU currently has a hundred and fifty-three million shares of volume, but it's not really moving all that much here. Just kind of going sideways in this area. CRE, this one popped up earlier today. You know, we've been seeing some of these early moves, so Hong Kong company goes all the way up to a high of nine bucks and then gives it all back. All right. Well, so you know, so that was an early morning move, but missed that one. Um, let's see. What else do we have? Oh, we had um, IBG. This one um, Innovation Beverage Group from Australia goes from five also up to about nine, and then comes back down. So, you know, these they they didn't hold up, and JZXN, that one popped up, dropped back down, Chinese stock. Um, it just I don't know. It's kind of the end of the week where it's been a bit cold. We haven't had great momentum uh, in spite of this, you know, energy catalyst uh, and Middle East conflict, which usually would give us more volatility. I mean, look at the US um, oil fund right here. So, if we back this up, I mean, we're experiencing an increase that is um, you know, significant. It's statistically significant. We're actually at the higher highest price the USO has uh, been ever, right here. This United States Oil Fund. Um, if you looked at the futures for crude oil, you could see what it what it is per barrel, but um, but in any case, um, this sort of does track this fairly fairly uh, closely. So, WTI crude futures are at um, let's see, 80. Looks like 89. Yeah, up 10% today. So, you know, we're coming up to $90 a barrel basically, which, you know, is is uh, definitely I mean, that's significant. Those are the highest prices we've had in a long time. So, you go back to 2022, and what what did INDO do in 2022 when oil was above $100 a barrel? The stock went from $7 to to a share. It was unbelievable. And there were a dozen of stocks just like it that made those kind of moves. So, I'm a little surprised that that's not happening this time. I'm not sure what's different. Um that can be a confusing for sure. Uh nonetheless, um you know, uh you know, in in any event, um uh we we at least had some opportunities this week, uh which was good. I was grateful for that. Um so, I've got my P&L here. I didn't upload the trades from yesterday. Yesterday was about $5,000, so another small green day down here. Today's a small green day. So, this is kind of the way it's been. Um you know, get in, get out, get green, don't overstay your welcome. And I would say that's been working. I'm grateful to have, you know, five green days this week. Last week I had um well, one red day that was a, you know, a bigger red day on Friday, but then Thursday was a small red day. Um if you look at the calendar for February, let's see. I think I was actually red net of fees and commissions here. So, let's see, dip down, back up. Um yeah, I was down 373 net of fees and commissions on Thursday. So, that was Thursday and then Friday. And you know, so that was a last week was worse. Last week was definitely worse. It was a red week for me. Um this week, um you know, $67,000 before today, uh and not including Thursday. So, 70 70 something right there in my Roth IRA, I'd say that's pretty good. That's not bad. So, I'm I'm going to be grateful for it, and I'll leave it trade another day. So, that's a good start to the month of March. Uh we're kind of, I think, coming out of this really, really slow period that we had. We are seeing some more opportunities. It's still a little choppy, but um focusing on trading stocks that are moving quickly has been kind of the best bet for me. And then avoiding stocks that are more or less going sideways. So, like INDO when it's going sideways here, not interested. PRSO going sideways, not interested. I want to trade when things are moving up quickly. So, little windows like that. And there's not a lot of them right now in the market, but you know, when we get them and something starts to pull away, that that's when I want to size up and get aggressive. So, I'm trying to be better about, you know, take my foot off the gas completely and just go into the sidelines when it's not happening, but on the other hand, immediately getting on the gas when something starts to pull away. And that is that is tricky and I will be wrong sometimes. I'll kind of get aggressive. I'll be wrong that it's going to pull away. I'll end up going red and then realizing, uh-oh, I thought this was going to be a higher day. It's not and now there's no opportunity to recover the loss. And so now I'm just going to sit unfortunately in the red. So, we may see um you know, we we will probably see some days like that, but uh but, you know, it at the same time, I think the performance from this first week is pretty solid and if I can keep this up, uh it'll be it'll be a good month, the month of March. So, that's where I'm at right now. Uh let's see, total number of trades this week, um 55. A lot of trades there on Wednesday. Uh not many on Monday or Tuesday. Uh again, I can't import my trades from yesterday, but uh yeah, um and today, you know, trade four stocks and had probably, let's see, one, two, three, five five trades cuz I had two trades on SYNX. So, two stocks, five trade or sorry, four stocks, five trades. Um accuracy be out of five, so that's you know, pretty good. Um, 80% uh, can't you can't really complain about that. Unfortunately, the average loser was like $3,200 because I flipped from green on this to red. Um, and the average winner is probably only like $1,500 average down, right? So, I had an inverted profit to loss ratio today. Uh, when you've got a negative profit to loss ratio, you've got to have really high accuracy to do well. And although my accuracy was decent at 80%, it's it's hard to it's hard to overcome a two to one inverted profit to loss ratio, one to two, when your losers are twice as big as your winners. I don't like that. Uh, and it's also defeating because you you feel like, you know, that one loss just wiped out, you know, several trades. So, I'm giving, you know, two steps forward and then four steps back. There's my metrics from yesterday. So, 50, uh, $5,800 yesterday. And let's see. So, March, so how many trades did I take yesterday? Five trades. Let's check the accuracy month to date. So, this month, I know it's only four days in, but let's just check it for the sake of it. All right. So, accuracy this month so far, 66.6%. All right. Um, average winners $2,600, average losers $1,500. So, if I just put this on the whiteboard, we can track it. So, for the month of March, um, average winners $2,600, average losers profit to loss $1,500, and accuracy is 66%. So, now let's look at February. I know we're going kind of out of order, but that's fine. So, let's look at February for one second. So, that's March. Um, we'll do last month, February. So, interesting. Uh, you know, I actually didn't check my accuracy at the end of last month. This is a surprise to me that it was this low. 51% bummer. Well, it was a tough month. So, gosh, that's that's awful. So, um 51% accuracy there. Uh but the average winners were $8,500 and the average losers were $2,600. So, that was um thanks in a large part to a single $91,000 winner, which definitely skewed my profit loss ratio um to the higher side. Okay, so then let's just check for the sake of it uh the month of January. So, January to January 31st. There we go. Oops, 31. All right, so January 80% accuracy, much better. Profit loss ratio $4,400 winners, biggest winner 50 grand, and um $1,700 losers. So, January um let's see. So, 4,400 1,700, uh it was actually 1,760, and 80%. So, which month would you choose? January or February or March? You would definitely choose January. You've got a great profit loss ratio, better than two to one, and you've got the high accuracy. High accuracy is a big confidence booster. February, even though I had a good profit loss ratio cuz I had a a couple of really nice big days, my accuracy was lower. That hurt self-confidence. So, I was very much feeling a little bit more stressed out, felt like the the month was much more challenging. Here in in March, my accuracy has improved quite a bit, which is good. Um from 51% to 66%, not quite back to this level, um but the losses are a little bit um you know, they're they're good. I don't know, today's trade might draw that down a little bit um since I haven't taken very many trades yet this month. Average winners though are a little small compared to the previous months. And that that does ring true. Um with the exception that, you know, what's my biggest trade this month? So, it's only $21,000. Um but I did have that one day on Wednesday where I was up 52,000. But, I took 49 trades. So, it was a ton of base hits with the biggest one being 21,000. And the rest was just chipping away at base hits. So, all right. Well, nonetheless, this kind of gives us a little bit of a um you know, baseline here coming into the first week. And my hope is that um as uh you know, as the month goes on, I can build a little bit more profit, obviously. So, built a cushion here first week, you know, almost 75,000 solid. Let's go into week two with that cushion. I can take a little bit more risk. You know, Monday, want to just break the ice, make sure I can build a little profit. But, each day, once I've got a little profit cushion, I can afford to take a little bit of risk. My cold market daily goal is 5,000 a day, 25,000 a week, 100,000 a month. That has me on track to do a million dollars a year even in a cold market. So, you know, anything above that in a way is icing on the cake. I mean, hot markets of, you know, 2020, 2025, those are 5 million plus dollar years. And markets that are in between, 2021 was almost 5 million, that was a pretty good year. Uh a little a little over 4 million, but it was it was a good year. 2022 cooled off, 2023 cooled off, 2024 picked back up. So, you know, right now, we're a little bit in the shadow of the real strong market from 2025, but on the other hand, we uh as I said, we don't know what the next catalyst will be, but it does seem like this defense military um kind of headline is working relatively well. So, that's interesting. Oil, we should keep watching it. Uh we'll see what um you know, what happens in the market over the course of the weekend. Um, and well, what what happens in the world over the course of the weekend and then we can look at uh, the future I'll look at the futures market at 6:00 p.m. on Sunday to see um, you know, what the price of oil is looking like. And but at the same time I say that, but we just haven't had a lot of direct um, catalysts tied to oil other than BATL, which wasn't even easy to trade. So, I don't know. Maybe you should just forget about oil um, unless it goes over $100 a barrel, but we're not that far off from that happening. And so, I'm not sure. Maybe I shouldn't worry too much about the futures market for oil, but uh, but nonetheless, I'll do my watch list uh, on Sunday. I'll give you a game plan for the week ahead. And that'll be based on how stocks close today and then what the futures market is looking like um, on Saturday or on Sunday. So, uh, so that's my plan as of right now. And as always, I'll be back at it streaming 7:00 a.m. on Monday morning. So, uh, if you haven't already checked out our 2-week trial, you can start the 2-week trial over the weekend. You'll still have two full weeks of access uh, to the trading room, but you could start going through some of the classes over the weekend. So, you could study up and then come Monday morning, you're already kind of, you know, getting up to speed a little bit with what I'm looking for, the five pillars of stock selection, my favorite setups, and so on and so forth. So, with that, I hope you guys have a great weekend. Reminder as always that trading is risky. My results aren't typical, so manage your risk, take it slow, and I'll see you back here bright and early on Monday morning.