Title: Day Trading Watch List for MONDAY!
Views: 21424
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=3ahSvIsvlXo
======================================================================

What's up everyone? All right, so in today's episode I give you my watch list for Monday morning and the game plan for the week ahead. We are now coming into the second full week for the month of May and if you were tuning in last week, you know that we're in a bit of a lukewarm market. Monday was super hot. Had an awesome day just under $50,000 in profit. Tuesday, crickets. Wednesday, more action. Thursday, nothing. Friday, nothing. So I actually ended up having two no trade days last week. Not exactly the most exciting start to a month, but because of the profits on Monday and on Wednesday, I still exceeded my weekly goal. So less right now is more. That's the focus. Trade the best, leave the rest. Quality over quantity. So although I'm taking fewer trades, I'm still being pretty aggressive on my position size on the trades I'm taking because in this lukewarm market when we have a stock that works well, we're having you tens and 20 million shares of volume even in the first 15-20 minutes of breaking news and by the end of the day some of these stocks are exceeding 100 million shares. So there's enough liquidity to trade them aggressively. I just have to wait for a stock that really to me looks good and meets my five pillars of stock selection. Okay, so if we jump on in the screen share, let's start by breaking down um a couple of the big movers from last week. So let's see. I'm going to close this up here. Markets closed as you know right now. Um of course well after hours uh futures markets are open. Um so you can check the S&P futures which are down just slightly right now. Um overall market S&P 500 interesting divergence here. The market is at the all-time highs. This big rally here and someone actually commented in uh on my recap on Friday and said, "How can the market be cold when we're at all-time highs?" And I think that that is a great observation and highlights the disconnect that we sometimes have between speculative investment classes or speculative um asset classes and um and and then like long-term investing. So, the overall market is doing really well and in a way that kind of hurts more speculative asset classes because people are doing well just being vested in the in the overall market. Whereas when the overall market's a little cooler, people seek more speculative uh investments to try to juice up their returns. But, when the overall market's doing great, people might not feel the need to do that. So, there's sometimes a bit of a paradox with the overall market being strong and that not correlating to individual small caps being particularly strong. Having said that, um I would still say that we're in a bit of a lukewarm market because we are seeing uh periodically some really great opportunities and um we're seeing the high level of volume, which we would typically correlate only with a fairly bullish market. So, traders are here. I just think that on some days when there aren't good catalysts in the small cap market, they're focusing on well, I don't know, maybe just completely different um maybe large caps. Uh maybe some people are trading large caps. Um and um that you know, that that could be the the case, especially when you've got some of these large cap um you know, AI tech stocks have been doing quite well. Okay, so let's um take a look at our after-hours top gainer scanner from Friday. So, after-hours top gainers, this shows us our biggest moves Friday after the 4:00 p.m. closing bell. So, we had APH I, which you could see rallied up um 44% right here in the after-hours. Is this a stock we should watch for Monday morning? To me, 20 million share float and priced below $2 a share, it's not very interesting. But I'm sure there will be some traders that are watching it for a break of this pivot right here, right around 4:00 a.m. or between 4:00 a.m. and 7:00 a.m. So, you've got a pivot at this high right here of a $1.50, which is a psychological resistance of the half dollar, and then you've got this level right here to $1.57. They're so close together, but with these lower price stocks, that's not uncommon. So, those are levels to watch there. MRAM, this one's a 15 million share float. Price is a little higher, but you can see that move from $28 a share all the way up to 38. So, a nice rally there, consolidation, sideways. Um let me just switch over to this monitor. So, I just wanted to see what the headline was. Um I'm just going to pull this up in a little bit more detail. So, interesting. Um Again, we've got um tech company squeezing up, you know, it's this this is kind of like the semiconductor space has been uh doing really well. So, yeah, nice rally there. All right, but in any case, 15 million share float is a little higher than I would typically go for. Uh this one, I'm going to close that for now. All right, so then MTAX, this is a perfect price for me. I love this price. Um you know, $6, between $6 and $10 a share. $5 but the 200-moving average, as you can see right here, is at $7.50. So, resistance. In fact, after hours, we went right up to about 7:50 and then rejected and sold off. Previous history of a pop and rejection there, but on light volume. Uh overall, the volume has been very light. We haven't had a day of more than a million shares in years. So, you know, the fact that it was up 20% after hours is uh big move. But more than anything is the volume. 750,000 shares of volume was pretty substantial. Float is quite low. Um so we've got that going for us. And it's a US company, consumer staples, consumer products, Mannatech. Hmm. So I'm not super familiar with the company, but um I would say this is worth watching for a break of the 200 EMA if it can hold over 750. If it can, that could be interesting. It It wouldn't take much for this to have the highest volume day it's possibly had in 5 years uh tomorrow. It It It could happen. Uh again, it might not. By 7:00 a.m. it might be all the way back down here, who knows. Uh but if it's holding up, um this could be an interesting one just based on the fact that it's beaten up, but it's kind of based out, and now started to curl a little bit on Friday. Could be an interesting one. Uh so MTechs will be worth watching. AEHL We've traded this one before, a little bit lower prices you can see right here. Some traders might trade it in that area. I think I would leave it alone because you see this pop, sell-off, and then this rally back up. So I'm going to leave that one alone. IO INO float's too high at 68 million shares. ATRA, this is the one that we traded um this one had a couple of days of price action, actually. So I think, to be honest, your best bet on this would be first daily candle to make a new high. And for me, I I don't think it's really worth um trying to take that trade. So I'm going to leave that alone. Now, looking back on on last week, CM SP was the biggest move of the week. Um this was a really really nice uh squeeze that we had on Monday from two up to about 12. We had a couple other stocks that made moves, but this is in the biotech space. So, you know, we want to try to pay attention to these biotech stocks. Um ATRA, this one, I mean, it's kind of funny um because, you know, the stock had this initial move up to nine, then it rolls over, and then it goes later in the day, you know, which is kind of one of those annoying um kind of moves. It just it's like why couldn't this thing have just pulled away like right in here? And it just couldn't quite do it. So, yeah, kind of annoying price action there. Couldn't break through that double top, but um in any case, ended up rallying later in the day. So, I would say um HPAI worth watching, Mitek's worth watching, uh and those would be the two that I'd be most interested in off the after-hours uh top gainer scanner. Now, I will sometimes refer to our continuation scanner here and look at a few of the bigger movers in the last couple weeks. We don't have anything here that I'm super interested in right now. ENRA on the daily is consolidating. That could be good for a daily breakout. All things considered, it's still holding up really well. So, I'm not against the idea, but I feel like it needs uh a news catalyst. But that float of less than a million shares, you know, the these can work. Uh PMAX, not as interested in this one. It's a little cheaper. It's still continuation, but a little cheaper. STFS, one of the stocks that popped up then came back down. So, that's probably not worth trading. And the rest of these aren't really up quite enough. Then we've got our um well, uh there's a couple different scans I'll sometimes um use. Recent IPO top moving. Um LABT, a little cheaper. This one IPO'd and sold off. Curl back up with news, but I sort of doubt it. It's a lower float. The rest of these have a slightly higher float. E L M T here has a slightly lower float, similar IPO sell-off, needs to curl back up. So, not as interested in that one right now. Um, and then recent reverse splits, you know, we haven't had really good um We just haven't This hasn't been as reliable lately, so I'm not as interested in um spending time going through this scan cuz I don't think it's going to necessarily yield any good ideas for the watch list. So, my primary focus tomorrow morning will be sitting down and looking at this scanner right here. And then whatever stocks are leading the way, that'll be what I end up focusing on. Those of you guys who have not already checked out two-week trial, link is pinned at the top of the comments and it's in the description. So, you can join the two-week trial. It's $20 for two weeks. That'll let you watch over my shoulder while I'm trading and it'll also give you access to the scanners, the charts, um this platform right here, so you can use this. This all has um real-time data, so you can use the charting, scanning, newsfeed, and you'll be able to listen to my broadcast. So, make sure you guys check out the two-week trial. I'll be streaming Monday morning tomorrow, 7:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time. And hopefully we've got a couple nice stocks on the gap scanner tomorrow that I can um break the ice and get a couple trades on. All right, so that's it for me. Reminder as always, trading is risky. My results aren't typical. So, manage your risk, take it slow, and I'll see you guys first thing tomorrow morning.