Title: Day 11: Scanner Alert Sends My Account +220% 🥳
Channel: Ross Cameron - Warrior Trading
Views: 33464
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=0Zh105lq9Rk
======================================================================

What's up everyone? Welcome to day 11 of my brand new small account challenge. I'm excited because now the account is really starting to grow. Today I crossed over 200% in total gains on the account in just 11 days. This is great and it's for a good cause. Remember, all of the profit from this small account challenge, just like my last one, will be donated to charity. For those of you guys who've been tuning in, during the last small account challenge, I was using a $2,000 account with six times leverage. I was taking a lot of risk and I turned that account in 6 days from $2,000 to nearly 60,000 bucks. I donated it all to the Boston Children's Hospital and St. Jude's Children's Hospital. And you guys helped me match that donation because I said every one of you guys hitting the thumbs up here on this channel for these episodes in this series, I'll give the match a dollar for every thumbs up. So, we ended up already writing a check for $120,000 to charities. Wow. Okay. So, for this leg of the challenge, I'm scaling things down a little bit and I'm not using leverage. That's what you guys asked for. As of right now, I have taken a total of 29 trades. Let's jump onto the screen share and start breaking it down. And I'm going to walk you through my trading session this morning. So today is day 11. This is my profit. $730.37. Came in this morning with equity in the account of 5,400 bucks. As you can see right here, although I still am using the broker that offers six times leverage, I am not using any of that leverage for this leg of the challenge. I'm just trading with this cash balance right here. So, I set up a hotkey script where when I press the buy button, it doesn't use a preconfigured number of shares. The way it works is it's shares times buying power times um let's see the or the shares equal my buying power times.15. So, what I'm doing or sorry, no, it's um 15%. I'm using 15% of my buying power. So by using 15% of my buying power, it's approximately 16th. So that gets me back to the amount that I have as you can see in the account right now. All right. So if you look at the trade from this morning, the first trade that I took was on CY. CY pops up. I press shift one, and that hotkey allows me to buy about 1,600 shares. That's a pretty big position. It's a cheaper stock. I put the order out at 320. I filled it to 97. So if I go in here just real quick to my hotkey layout. I'll go to hotkey and then I'm going to put this layout right here so you guys can see it. So we're looking at shift one. So this is the hotkey right here. Uh it's buying a share buying power times 16%. So 16% is 16th of my buying power. And the order is for the ask plus 20 cents. So that gives me a little offset above the ask to accommodate potential slippage. So, in the case of CY, that was the first stock that I traded. And you know what? Didn't work out so well. As you can see right here, I ended up taking a loss on it. $111. So, what went wrong? All right. Well, let's back it up. Let's pull up a chart on CY. So, CY was the first stock I traded. So, news came out on this stock at 9:15 a.m. So, how did it come to my attention? Well, basically what happened, it's pretty simple. This scanner right here gave me an audio alert. So, we're going to go to 9:15 a.m. 9:15 a.m. Boom. Right here, I get the alert. So, I got a couple of alerts on CY. It hits 3:17 right there, and then it dips down. So, if we pull up the 10-second chart. Basically, what happened is stock hits the scanner. I get the audio alert. I click on it. I click the stock symbol. It then loads. So, I can see what the news headline is. I see that there's news. Advances Vermont renewable gas project. I'm from Vermont, so I'm like, this seems good. Maybe a little bias there. And I'm looking at the chart. I see it's a recent reverse split on the daily chart, which is something that can add some juice to these. It's got room up to the 200 moving average, which is up around six. And so, I'm thinking, you know what? This is worth probably taking a stab at. So, it ended up popping up uh let's see, to about uh let's see, 318 right here. Then it dips down. as it dipped down right here. I bought the dip at three and I was looking for this curl right back up and we did. We got the curl back up. I got in at three right here. It pops back up to 318 and then immediately flips and goes down and I sold for a loss. Now, when you look at the chart like this, it's easy for you to say, geez, there's not a lot of price action here. You know, it just all of a sudden kind of the volume kind of picks up out of nowhere. And that is very typical with breaking news. So when the news breaks, all of a sudden, boom, the stock starts squeezing. And I'm okay with that. So I'm not using the intraday chart to really evaluate the the pattern as much as I'm looking at the daily potential right here and this very micro pullback that's forming. If we look at R YJ from yesterday, we'll look at this for a second. So this is a stock yesterday that started to squeeze up. We've got a little theme where we've seen some Japanese stocks that have made big moves. And so this is a Japanese stock. It pops up yesterday. Japanese company and you'll see if you're looking at this chart basically in this area. You know, you've got do auto. You've got basically nothing, right? There's no chart. There's nothing really to work with. And then all of a sudden out of nowhere, it pops up like this. And now we've got something to work with. So what are we doing? We're looking for micro pullbacks. So there's the dip right there. And this is usually where I'm going to be a buyer, right in this area. Now I may end up losing on that first trade. In this case, it pops back up to the high. It doesn't break through the high. So maybe I get out with a small winner. Then it dips down again. Comes back up. Breaks through 295. I get back in. We get a squeeze up to 310. Not bad. Then we go up to only about 315. We come back down. So another small winner. It pulls back more. It dips down. And then look at that. Holy smokes. The swing back up from 3 to 340, 380, $4,420. Pardon my language, but we call that a swing. So, big move all the way up to 1150. That's a definite swing in the market. We love to see that. Then it pulls back a little bit more, rallies up again, and then starts to kind of unwind a bit. So, when we first start trading these, when we're trading breaking news, uh, a lot of times it does kind of come out of nowhere. All of a sudden, the stock starts popping and it's like, whoa, it's game time. So, it's not uncommon for me to pull up a stock like CCTY, see that it's got a catalyst. It meets the five pillars of stock selection based on price, float, news, relative volume, and rate of change. And so then I'm just looking at that micro pullback. And what I'm really focusing on when I'm get kind of getting dialed in for that trade is the level two. So I pull up the chart, I pull up the level two, I type in cty, and now I'm watching it had the high, let's say, of three. And now I have the order. Press shift one and I'm ready to buy. You know, ready to jump in, ready to go. And all I have to do is send that order. So, what usually triggers me to send the order is when I see green on the tape right here because that tells me other buyers are jumping in in front of me. And now I want to join it. I want to see what this thing can do. So, in this case, I lost $11144. That's a bummer. It's not the biggest loss I've had so far in the small account challenge, but you know, it's a loss. Not thrilled. So, it is what it is. So today is day 11. Let's take a step back and just look at where I'm at in the account growth. Started with $1,900, as you can see here, 1,940 bucks. Total profit, not including today's commissions, is $4,27263. My account balance now is $6,21263. You can see that is the realized profit plus today's uh today's beginning balance. So, with that, the account's up 220%, I've taken a total of 29 trades. Accuracy has dipped a little lower to 79% because today I had only two trades, one winner, one loser, 50% accuracy. That brings the average down. The average gain, however, has moved up a little bit to $147 per trade, which is good. So, you know, picking up the average gain a little bit. Now, we already looked at the breaking news entry at $3 on CY. And now we're going to look at this high day momentum scanner alert that occurred at about let's see what time was this? It was about 9:42 a.m. So 9:42 a.m. ELWS hits the scanners. This is also a Japanese company. So as it hits the scanners, I pull it up real quick and I'm like, "Okay, this is one I should pay attention to." Now, guess what? This had already been on the scanners earlier today. Why? Because it had popped up. So if we look at this on our charts instead of the slide deck, ELWS had popped up earlier this morning right here. So if we look at this area here, it popped up after hours along with uh R YJ. Then it popped up again pre-market here. Then it dipped down and kind of went sideways. So when it started to pop up at 9:42, this was already one that I had on watch. So it hit my scanner right here. and it dipped right there and I got in right here with a little bit of slippage. So, this was my entry right there. It ends up squeezing up and going into a circuit breaker halt. How many of you guys know about circuit breaker halts? So, circuit breaker halts are a mechanism in the market that help control or limit volatility. Uh this is a an article that I've written about circuit breaker halts. It's you can get into the weeds on it. somewhat complex with the way the halt bands are are calculated. Um, I do trade halts fairly often. Something that's important to occur pre-market and they don't occur after hours. They only occur between 9:30 and 4 p.m. Circuit breaker halts. You can still have stocks halted premarket and after hours on news or on a T12, but not on a circuit breaker. So, circuit breaker halts are just during regular trading hours. And typically for most of the stocks that we're trading which are above $3, the way they're calculated is based on the previous day's closing price. So if the previous day's closing price is above $3 a share, the stock will halt if it goes up 10% in less than 5 minutes. Now, if the stock was below $3 at yesterday's close, it'll halt if it goes up 20% in less than 5 minutes. And if the stock was below 75 cents, it'll halt if it goes up either 15 cents per share or 75 cents, sorry, 75%. Now, something that's kind of interesting with these halts is let me give you an example of a couple different stocks. So, I'm going to give you one stock that closed yesterday at $2.50, but is now squeezed up to $5 a share. So, what is the halt band going to be for this? It's going to be 20%. Right? So that means this could squeeze up to $6 and that's the next halt level. So this is the halt level. Um now we go down. What if that stock yesterday closed at $31 penny? It closed above three. The halt bands are 10%. It's at $5 today because it's squeezing up. The halt band on this is 550 because it's 10%. Now let's take another example. A stock that closed yesterday at 74 but has incredible news today and is also all the way up at $5. Where will it halt? At 515 because the halt bands are every 15 cents or 75 uh% whichever is closer and 15 cents is certainly closer. So, isn't that interesting how the stock could be at the exact same price but have different halt band thresholds based on the previous day's close? So, something to be aware of when it comes to trading halts. Now, one of the things that's nice is that while I'm trading, I can actually see what the halt levels are. So, the software that I'm using right here for the small account challenge will display the halt levels on these stocks. So, let me scroll this down a little bit. So, the halt level on this one, um, I got to kind of move this. The halt down is 220. The halt up is 330. So you can see those halt bands down there. That so that tells you if the stock suddenly squeezed up to 329, you're about to get halted. It's about to get halted and it will stop trading for a minimum of 5 minutes. So in the case of ELWS, it squeezes up and it halts. Now the halt band on this was uh 10% because of the previous day's close. So closed above $3. So, it goes basically from $4 to $450 and it's it's halting, right? So, it halts up and then it resumes and it rips to 543 and it halts up a second time. Holy smokes. Then it resumes. It hits a high of 660 and then it reverses back down and halts coming back down, which is very common. A lot of these will halt once up on the resumption. You get a dip and a rip. it opens, squeezes a little higher, then pulls back and halts down. Now, when these are really strong, they'll consolidate through here, and then they'll rally for another halt up, and that's when you get the squeeze through the new high. And certainly, you've seen some examples of exactly that over the last few weeks. Now, in this case, it's not happening yet on this stock. It's pulled back a little bit more than I would like, but in the moment right here, when we were getting that first pullback, something else was interesting. The market had been very slow during the pre-market session. There wasn't much that was moving. And so, I think a lot of traders, including myself, were kind of antsy, waiting for something to pop. And so, all of a sudden, ELWS started squeezing. And I know I jumped on it quickly. And I think as soon as it halted up, people were jumping in on the resumption for that next leg higher. And so, this ended up providing a nice opportunity. It wasn't a home run trade by any means, but it was a solid winner. And so now I'm sitting here up $730 on the day even though the account had only $5,000 to start the morning. Well, 5,400. So a decent starting balance, but the account's up a solid, you know, 15% today. So 10% a day. That was the goal. 10% is my draw down risk. I don't want to lose more than 10% in one day. And so another solid day growth here. This is the small account growth strategy. And if you have not already checked out my full length training that walks you through this strategy, I'm going to put a link to it in the top corner of this episode at the very end. I want you guys to check it out. When you watch the full master class of this small account growth strategy, you'll have a chance to download my PDF resources that accompany the strategy. It's well worth your time to watch it. This is the strategy I've traded every single time I've done a small account challenge. All right, so I'm really excited to share this with you. I'm so excited for those of you guys who are learning and are sharing your experiences in the comments. So, keep up the hard work. Remember, those of you guys who are new, take it slow. Market's not going anywhere. So, practice this as simulator before you put real money on the line and prove that you can trade this strategy profitably. All right, so with that, check out the full length master class and I'll see you back at it first thing tomorrow morning, bright and early streaming at 7 a.m. Eastern Standard Time.