Title: A 1,000% Pre-Market Squeeze then a 100% Biotech Gain!
Channel: Ross Cameron - Warrior Trading
Views: 33444
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=AuSHflRILjU
======================================================================

What's up, everyone? All right, here we are. It's Friday morning. We've come to the end of the week and I'll tell you this week has been pretty slow. I was I don't know. I optimistic hoping for more momentum, but Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, those are 3 days in a row that I was up $11,000. It was kind of funny cuz all 3 days were within like $200 of each other. So, $30,000 in those first 3 days. Yesterday, I traded AREB, made 2,500 bucks, something like that. So, small green day. Today, I traded the leading gainer, one of the leading gainers, NEUP. This one's up right now just under um 90%. It peaked a little over 100%. Our high of day was at least so far up here around 844. I'm up $6,400 $6,598.43. I'd say that's a pretty decent day. Now, those of you guys who've been tuning in for a while, you know that my daily goal in a cold market is $5,000 a day. My daily goal in a hot market is $20,000 a day. So, this week has been cold market daily goals. Um hit the goal Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Friday. Yesterday, I was a little bit below it. But, that's okay. I mean, what can you do? You really have two choices. You either push hard when the market's not that strong and you lose money or you just batten down the hatches, you chip away a little bit, lock up some base hits, you know, you just you grind on these smaller numbers knowing that they do add up. I mean, obviously these days add up in in a considerable way over the course of, you know, certainly weeks and months. So, looking just at the last 30 days here, uh you know, it's a little bit tough because you could see I had made some really good progress and then I lost it all and now, you know, I've been recovering that. So, you know, I did recover the drawdown. I'm grateful for that, but um you know, it's it has been a little bit um you know, it's I think emotionally it's a little bit tough when you have a big loss cuz then you just you just feel like you know, I spend all this time just recouping, you know, what I lost in 1 day. It's like I don't know. You I don't know the way to think of it really in a good analogy, but um it's like you spend all this time hiking up the mountain and then in one little mistake, you slide down, you give up all this gain, and now you got to start over. So, I feel like I'm just kind of retracing my steps here, but um that's okay. You know, locking up profit, making some money, and that's good. So, trying to salvage the month of October. I mean, that's really the mission for October. It's a it's a it's a salvage mission. It's not about big gains. Um haven't yet imported to Wednesday, which was 11,000, so that'll put me at 20 uh 23,000. Thursday was 2,500, so that's going to be 25,000 plus today. So, I'm now up about 30,000 on the month. Um it is definitely the worst month of the year. Um that's a fact. Well, you know, that's also year to date, you know, this was the first month I took a $170,000 loss. That certainly hurt. Um March was 162,000. August was 118,000, and October is just uh it's sad. It's kind of crazy. How do you go from that to that? Well, let's look let's look at another year just for the sake of it. Um knock this out. We're going to look at um 20 Look at 2020. Um 2020 was kind of an interesting year because um October, 700,000. November, nothing. December, 700,000, right? So, it's like what happened in November? It's it's kind of crazy. So, you look at the month of November and you can see there were just a bunch of red days, right? And some of them, you know, $20,000, 20,000, 37,000, 15, 15. I mean, these days added up and only had one really big green day. So, generally, you know, if I can keep my red days small, that's really key to long-term success. And I've done a good job of that this year. I think for those of you guys that haven't already seen this, I'll just show you. Um we're going to look at a win win versus loss days. I like doing this report cuz this is really I think this is really telling. So, year to date, uh it's going to hurt a little bit from the the big mistake I had, but oh no, actually um we're we're going to do comparing winners and losers. >> [cough] >> Excuse me. All right. So, winners and this is going to be year to date, and then we're going to do losers year to date. Okay, and generate report. So, you're going to see here the winners uh 7.8 million and the losers 1.7 million. So, in terms of, you know, ratio, so where does this put me, you know, right around $6 million on the year. So, the losers are um in terms of like, you know, the relationship of total gains, the losers represent 20%? You know, 20 25%? Not quite. So, uh 8 1.6 Yeah, that's like 20% approximately. Okay. So, my total gains had to take away 20% because of the total losses. Let's just look at a different year just for for a second. Um we could look at last year just for the sake of it. So, last year finished up 3.2 million and had 1.1 million in loss. So, that took away about 30%. Right? So, that's a little bit bigger. What about 2021? Let's just look at a year that I know stands out a little bit more. So, 2021, holy smokes, $10 million. That's awesome. Until you look at that and you see I gave back 58% of it in losses. So, you know, it wasn't like I made 10 and then I gave back 58%. This was just accumulating trades over the course of the year, but what you could see is that I was taking a lot more losses. We look at 2021. So, 2021 here, or sorry, 2020. And 2020 um was up 8.3 and gave back uh 3.2. So, you know, 30%. And and that that was not as bad. It was this was a good year, $5 million. But, 2021 is interesting because I made more with over $10 million of total profit in 2021, but I net less because I gave back so much profit. And so then, you know, we go to back to year to date here and we're at, you know, 20%. So, this is actually the best year that I've ever had in terms at the when I've been trading at this level in terms of um the percentage of that I've lost. So, my my ratio of winners to losers is really, really nice right now. And I feel good about that. So, you know, even these last um I mean, obviously this last the last 30 days not the greatest, but nonetheless, um if we look at the recovery, just the recovery from it was the 8th Oh, not January. Um So, I'll do 30 days. So, it was the 8th of um October here through today's date. Um Let's see. So, look at my uh let's see. So, is it No, that's not correct. Um Check. All right, so let's see. So, um accuracy 78%, which I think is really good. Um that's above average. Average winners 4,700. That's a little bit above average, too. And the average losers have only been um $700, which is fantastic. So, you know, these are these are some really nice profit to loss ratios, um nice accuracy here that I've been able to maintain the just during this last stretch, where obviously I've been in trader rehab, so I've been really focused on trading highest quality setups, not overstaying my welcome, you know, being really patient. So, when I sat down this morning, you know, to be honest, I was not feeling super um enthusiastic. I I was kind of bummed out. I looked at the scans early. I saw we had GNTA that had squeezed up 1,000%, which is insane. Um So, GNTA here, but you know, look at this move from $4 to $44 and then back down to 7 bucks. So, I didn't take any trades on that. Um wasn't up early enough to trade it, but I just kind of was like, all right, this is this is what we're dealing with. So, you know, in that kind of situation, I feel like it it's like an the illusion of hotness because the stock went up so much, but if we look at how much volume did it go up on? So, it went up on two candles, which was a combined volume of um basically 300,000 shares, not even. Let's see. Three No, I'm sorry. Um It was combined volume of 800,000 shares. So, 800,000 shares sent the stock up. I don't know why I didn't calculate that correctly. There it is. So, 900,000 shares sent the stock up. And then how much volume has sent has dropped it back down? So, 11 million shares. Isn't that kind of weird? Like I don't In some ways it it doesn't even make sense how that little volume could send it up that much and then how why didn't it just come all the way back down on 800,000 shares? But, it's just now it's been like, you know, 8 or 11 million shares of volume. And it's just been an opportunity I feel like for insiders to dump shares. I don't know. I just I'm always skeptical when I see that kind of stuff. So, that doesn't make me feel very um very optimistic really. So, that was kind of what I was looking at coming into today. You know, saw that move. Um there's obviously some cheaper stocks on the scans, not interested in those. Um I don't usually trade them very well. And then we had NEUP that hit the scans, it started popping up pretty early. Um peaked at about 7:00 a.m. right here, dipped down, and then curled back up. So, my first This is the only stock I traded today. So, my first trade on it um was at 7:00 a.m. And I was getting in basically uh right at the top of the hour. I was thinking, "All right, at 7:00 a.m. this is typically when we see a decent amount of volume come into these names." So, this was seven right here. So, I actually bought right here at 5:40. And it squeezes up to um 580. I make some money on that, 1,300 bucks. Dips down, we got another curl right here. Dips down, we got another curl right here. So, between those trades, I made about $2,500. Then, I was sitting tight for a little while. Um I was sort of like, "All right, well, that that was it." Sort of pulled back, as you can see here. And then, it came back up um right through here for a second attempt, but a double top, predictably. Not surprised. Then, it rips here, and I bought the dip in this area, and initially, I was up almost $8,000 on it. But then, as it came back down, I just ended up like tons of sellers came in, ended up selling it for a loss, or actually $500 of profit. So, now I'm up 3,000 on the day. So, not that much. And then, at the open, it started to pull away here, and I traded it through this area here, and locked up another uh $3,500. So, you know, I I took probably, let's see, one, two, uh three, four trades early, and then, I had um five, six, seven, eight trades. So, I think I had eight trades on it, and at least three losers. Um, so, it was I mean, that's decent accuracy, I suppose, but um but it wasn't super easy. And right now, you can see it's halted, coming back down. So, you know, this is a stock, it's a biotech stock. It was squeezing up. It recently had this huge drop, and then sold off for a couple days. So, I kind of thought, "Well, is this just a dead cat bounce? You know, is this How much is this really going to go up?" Now, when you have a big gap, that's potential for a gap fill, but that's more if it's been selling off for a long time, it's been sideways, and then you're coming up to a gap. Bouncing this big 3 days after that bad news that sent it down made me a little skeptical from the beginning. But, anyways, um it it did end up moving a bit. Probably didn't really trade it as well as I could have, but I don't think this is a stock that I would have really like crushed anyways. It just I don't know. It There was just something about it that I couldn't get comfortable on. So, you know what? I'm grateful to be green, live to trade another day. And while I was going through that, I just imported my metrics here um for the rest of the week. So, um So, yeah, the profit loss ratio has stayed pretty steady, $800 losses, $4,600 winners. Accuracy is at 76%. 4-minute long winners, 1-minute long losers. $183,000 in the last 2 weeks. Um, so, when we look at the month now uh in total, clear that out, and then we look at the month of October. Um, in spite of only one red day uh so far, um you know, sitting at 25,000 on the month before today. So, today will be 6,500, so 32,000 on the month. Um, who knows? Next week, I mean, just as quickly as I lost $172,000, I could have made $172,000. I've certainly had some really big green days um this month, or not this month, but this year. And, you know, there's 138, there's 232, there's 169. So, you know, you know, it's possible that next week um if we had a stock that was really strong, and I was able to build a cushion, that we could get a nice day. But, my P&L for the last 2 weeks has been, you know, within a pretty small range. Haven't been having big, big winners. So, you know, I probably should set low expectations, and just try to survive the rest of the month. Um, finish the month green, and then, next thing you know, we're going to be going into November. It's a new month, November, December, and, you know, finish up the year strong. If we look at the overall market, I will say today um noteworthy that the overall market is hitting new all-time highs on the CPI numbers coming out, showing inflation is um lower uh than was expected. So, you know, why does that send the market up? Uh well, inflation going down is a good thing, uh but it also um makes investors optimistic that interest rates could come down. Because interest rates being higher has certainly slowed Well, it's, you know, it's a cost for businesses to borrow money, so it increases the cost of borrowing. It's has effects sort of throughout the economy. It slows down the economy. Uh so, on the one hand, yeah, if interest rates went down, things could pick back up, but then, you would sort of think prices would go back up as well. Um you know, which could be I don't know. I'm I'm not sure what's going to happen, obviously, but uh in any case, for those of you who have been invested in the market long-term, um you know, this is this is good to see. Um And this this year's been a little bit crazy. We had uh nearly 30% drop in the market from 620 down to 460, and then off those lows, recovered. Um, you know, I've let's see, we look at the measure the the low. So, from the low down here to today's high, approximately, the market's up 41%. The S&P 500, 41% from the low to the high. Now, people have been saying, "Yeah, the market's up 41%." Yeah, since April. Um So, that is that that's measuring the most extreme, which gives you the biggest number, which is you know, for the um they like for the clicks or whatever. But, from December um to today, we're up 12%. Right. So, that's So, that's year-to-date. So, if you were invest Yeah, would have been great if you went all in at the bottom. Hindsight is 20/20. But, if, you know, like me, I mean, I've been investing in the market for all this time. So, I'm just, you know, keep adding a little bit, a little bit, a little bit, and, you know, you add a little bit when it's down, you add a little bit when it's up. It's cost basis average cost basis averaging. So, you're averaging into your position essentially, and um you know, yeah, the market's up 12% this year, from January to to today. So, you know, big picture is uh the market is at all-time highs. We have seen this before. You know, we get up to all-time highs, then we kind of get a pullback. What caused this pullback here in 2022 was the Federal Reserve increasing interest rates. They increased interest rates because the economy inflation was too hot, was too high. So, this was, you know, 2022 into 2023, and things only kind of turned around um you know, towards the later half of 2024, um as a new administration uh coming in was becoming more obvious. So, the market liked that, and so, this is where we're at since then. Uh but, yeah, you know, don't be surprised. We will, I'm sure, get, you know, this was the pandemic, the COVID drop. This was the interest rate, uh which was much more extended. This is the tariff stuff. There's still unknowns on the horizon. Um, you know, it big picture, long-term outlook, you know, obviously has been really positive. Um So, you know, that's that's your long-term outlook. Don't get too bent out of shape on individual days. But, for those of us who are day trading and moving in out of the market, um this is quite interesting time because the market is high, things are priced high, but there's also a lot of um sort of FOMO, fear of missing out. People don't want to miss the bull run. They don't want to miss the next big move. And so, when stocks do start popping up, even large caps, people are uh pretty quick to buy them. So, I think that this is definitely a time to try to strike while the iron's hot, capitalize as much as we can, because we will have another slow period, like we did in 2022. >> [clears throat] >> And I'll get through it. I mean, I did then, and I will the next time. It's not as much fun, you know, when it's really slow, but, you know, that's survive to thrive. That's what it's all about. Okay, so that's it for me. Make sure you guys uh if you haven't tuned into my episode from yesterday on the five reasons why traders lose, I'll put a link to that here. I'll put a link to my new episode this week on stock selection right here, how to pick the strongest stocks each day, and I will see you back here bright and early on Monday morning. But, over the weekend, tomorrow, I'm going to have a nice upload for you guys, a full-length class, which I hope you guys check out. So, if you haven't already subscribed to the channel, make sure you subscribe, hit the notification, so you get the alert when a new upload goes live, and you can be the first one to tune in and watch it. All right, thank you guys, as always, for tuning in, and I'll see you on Monday.