Title: One Trade off the Watch List PLUS a Biotech Breaking News Trade!
Views: 27460
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=PbhLEGv4mlQ
======================================================================

[Music] What's up everyone? Welcome to today's daily market recap. Happy Monday morning. Hope you guys all had a great weekend. The weather was beautiful here in the Northeast in New England. Uh this morning I'm sitting up $55,000 on the day. The bulk of that profit came from one stock where I made uh 43,000 and then the rest came from three other stocks that I got some kind of base hits on and was hoping to kind of get something started like building a cushion for a bigger move, but just didn't really happen. Today was a little tricky because GCTK, which was the uh after hours top gainer on Friday, was the leading gainer this morning. I did lock up some profit on it. If we jump on in the screen share, uh $6,353. But predictably, you know, it made this big move at 4:00 a.m. and then was sort of selling off. I got the trade on it right here as it squeezed back up to 12, but then it sold off and really didn't recover. So, you know, that was it. But unfortunately, it was the leading gainer coming into 7:00 a.m. so it was the most obvious stock. But it was um the chart just was not able to wasn't able to hold up. And there was still no catalyst on it. Now, no news came out so we still don't really know why it went up 200%, but uh in any case it's pulling back. So, then attention kind of shifted and what ended up happening was we had news on HSDT that came out right at 7:00 a.m. And it sent the stock from $9 a share up to 19 bucks. Now, the nice thing with this is it's a classic, you know, biotech biomedical um device company. So, these are the types of headlines that we can really wrap our heads around. We understand and they can be a big deal for these types of companies. So, uh we got that news 7:00 a.m. and the stock immediately squeezed up. So, why don't we start by Let's look at GCTK in a little bit more detail. Then we'll jump back to HSDT and then we'll look at the others. So, GCTK uh first trade of the day this morning and then scroll all the way back here. First trade um was actually at 6:55 a.m. So, I bought it for the break of 12. Let's see. So, that was going to be uh right about here. So, my first trade on it I got in um basically like right here. Kind of micro pullback for the break of 12. It broke 12, but only by like 10 cents. It drops back down, comes back up, I end up getting out break even. So, that first trade was like a $300 winner, but it was more or less break even. At 7:00 a.m. I was hoping it would continue, but it sold off. So, it dips back down. It was a little too heavy. Pulls back, comes back up right here to a high of uh 10.95. And let's see, where was it that I got uh the next big trade? It actually it was on this pullback right here. So, I got in here uh down in this area about 10.35 and we got that 70 cent squeeze back up to 11. Now, that's a little bit of an unusual trade for me, but I'll tell you why I did it. At that moment, so this dropped right here basically the second HSDT started to pop up. So, I started trading HSDT. And then when HSDT started to drop at about 10.25 right here and break below VWAP, I switched back to GCTK because I thought attention would shift back to the second leading gainer. And that is very common. And in that case, we often see a squeeze all the way back through the high as traders sort of shift from stock to stock. That's the sort of dispersed attention that we get in the market when it's hot. And so, I thought this would get a little bit more follow through here, but anyways, it came up to VWAP, wasn't able to hold it, and ended up coming back down. So, that was actually a bigger trade for me even though it it's kind of not as obvious a setup, but it just I sized up a little bit more for it because I thought I actually thought this was going to put in a much bigger move. So, that was um GCTK. So, now HSDT on this one, um first trade was basically uh jumping in on a micro pullback. So, uh let me pull up the chart on this. What happens on this one is it hits the scanners and pretty much immediately squeezes up here to 12.80. So, just, you know, squeezes up here to a high of 12.80, dips back down here, and when it comes back up on this green candle, I took my starter at 12.80 and added at 13.11. And all of a sudden we've got a squeeze up to 13.50, up to 14, and a high of $15. So, in that move right there, I made about 10,000 bucks, which is good. It's a solid trade, nothing crazy, not big size, still smaller size, breaking the ice. It doesn't pull back, it dips back down, and then down off of this level, I took another dip. And my mental stop was that as long as it held really like above 12, I was looking for the break through 15 and a squeeze higher. So, it ends up pulling back, basing out, and I think actually on this one, so let's pull up the um my orders. So, let's see. So, this was 7:01, so what was this right here? Um 7:02, 7:02. So, right. So, those are the trades right there. Then, uh yep. So, actually what ended up happening on this. So, it dips down here and it pops back up. We get this red rejection candle, so I end up getting out basically flat. Goes a little bit lower, comes back up, goes a little bit lower, and I'm kind of waiting. So, now I switch from the 10 second chart to the 1 minute chart. And on the 1 minute chart, I'm waiting for, you know, ideally some type of clean pullback. What ends up happening is it dips all the way back down to 11. Comes back up, pulls back, and then right here we get that squeeze through $15. This was sort of interesting because it's not exactly an inverted head and shoulders pattern, but you can see there's this double top up here at 15. I was a little cautious about buying into 15 because it had tested and failed and tested and failed. So, I waited for it to break 15 and ended up adding at 15.50. However, it goes up all the way to 16.78 and I still made a dollar a share on it. So, that was a good trade. Then it pulls back and then we get another squeeze right here all the way back to 17 with micro pullback and this final push up to 19. Now, the only thing that's a bummer here is that I took uh I added back on that micro pullback right there and when it dropped, I gave back about 15,000 dollars on this stock. So, at the time I was up about 50,000 on the day and then I lost 15 grand and I was sitting up at about 35,000 on the day. So, from that point, I ended up making uh some money on GCTK. So, it was Let's see. Actually, where was that? Um No, so what was the next one? Um I got a trade on SABS and then this pulled back. And then I got some more trades on this one that helped recoup what I lost. So, you know, as it turned out, I was able to get back over 50,000 on the day, but it was sort of interesting the way we had this really nice breakout candle, but then that big topping tail and this topping tail here. And then as we got closer to the open, it started to kind of fade back below VWAP. SABS, this stock easy to borrow at light speed, popped up pre-market, sideways, popped up, rejected, sold off, then at the open squeezes up. My only trades on it were a dip and a rip. Resumes higher, bought the dip, sold into the rip here. Pulls back, comes back up, halts down, didn't take that trade. MACD was negative right there. So, felt pretty good about the $5,000 of profit on that. And then MEIP, this one I got a little trade in this area for the squeeze higher, only made 500 bucks on it. Nothing really that exciting. So, you know, today we had one really strong stock pre-market on HSDT. SABS was open. GCTK very short-lived opportunities. MEIP pretty short-lived as well. However, there was some momentum on lower priced names. M N uh sorry, P M N. 165 million shares of volume, but for me too cheap. But it wasn't it was definitely drawing attention. People were focusing on this one. So, not my cup of tea. Uh ZIMV, this is a buyout trading exactly sideways. Uh DYNXW warrants. Unusual for warrants to be up so much, but the underlying stock DYNX is also up a bit, although it's pulled back. So, kind of strange, but in any case, um you know, that was Now, that's that one. ATNF, this one hit the scanners as well. Let's see. ATNF. Uh ANTF, maybe? ATNF, there it is. Um but a little cheaper. So, we kind of had a number of stocks that were kind of grinding, not super easy to trade. Overall market, I mean, it just keeps inching higher here. This is an interesting period that I'll I'll say um what often happens with this kind of grinding market is it inches higher, inches higher, and then bad news kind of gives a little panic and you'll get like a drop. And then it'll sort of inch higher, inch higher, inch higher. So, just something to be aware of there on the long term. It's nice that it's inching higher, but that slow inching higher can create a little uncertainty cuz we start getting pretty extended off of a recent support level. Um in any event, the overall market is still strong, which is good. We've got a nice tailwind. And, you know, $55,000 in profit is not bad. So, at this point, I'm sitting at just over 900,000 dollars in the green on the month of July. Goal is 1 million and we still have Let's see. Uh I obviously all of this week. So, we've got 1 2 2 4 5 6 7 8 trading days left. So, if I'm able to keep averaging 50,000 a day, you know, over these eight days, I'm going to be in really good shape. Uh but, I likely will have a couple of slow days. I may even have a red day. It's certainly possible. Um but, I can also be hopeful that I could have a really nice green day. You know, it's it's not impossible that I could end up having a uh a one or two more six-figure green days. So, last month I was at 1.3 million, and I feel like I still have a shot at beating that. But, ultimately, it's up to the market. If we keep getting good opportunities and I keep having 50,000 days and periodic, you know, 130, 150,000 dollar days, yeah, it's going to happen. Uh but, if things start to cool off, then, you know, uh well, that that's that. So, right now, the market's still pretty hot. I'm stepping up to the plate. I'm going to try to be aggressive, capitalize as much as I can. But, I want to remind you guys, as always, trading is risky. So, manage your risk and take it slow. I hope those of you guys who've been watching here on these recaps on YouTube for for a while, check out our two-week trial. It's two-week trial for 20 bucks. That'll give you access to my broadcast for two weeks. It'll also give you access to this software right here with charting, scanning, news, and so you can really get a sense of what it's like uh to be uh a momentum trader. All right. So, make sure you guys check that out, and I'll see you guys back at it first thing tomorrow morning, streaming 7:00 a.m. for members at Warrior Trading.