Title: +$72,872.42 on 3 Explosive Stocks
Views: 30367
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=PnuyhYGHuUY
======================================================================

Well, well, well, how the tides have changed. Here I am today sitting in the green $72,872.42. Phenomenal green day. What a great way to finish the month of June. Wasn't it just last week when I was sitting in the corner of the room sulking, feeling frustrated, disappointed that it had two relatively large red days. $37,000 in the red on Tuesday, 36,000, and then 22,000 in the red on Friday. Last week was a red week. The first red week I'd had in a while. I think I was down $28,000 on the week. I was in a $44,000 drawdown. It was only thanks to the profits on Monday that I wasn't down more on the week. And on Friday, I was definitely feeling frustrated. You know, I was feeling kind of deflated. I was like, "Ah, you know, I've I feel like I've been pushing it. I've been aggressive. And then, you know, I keep coming up. It's like, you know, a day late and a dollar short." The story of my life. I was I was being very dramatic. Um you know, I was looking at my face in the mirror. I was like, "Oh, I'm getting older. Maybe I should just shave my beard. Maybe I should just shave my head." It was a Britney Spears moment. Everything was falling apart. Um and I was complaining a little bit. I was talking to my mom. And uh she worked in a psychiatric hospital for about 40 years. And she said, she's like, "You know, we uh we had a lot of Olympians that would come to the hospital. You know, these people, they just ah, they're so hard on themselves. They they push themselves so hard. And eventually, they break." I said, "Mom, you're not helping." >> [laughter] >> Where did that story come from? I didn't need that. Uh okay. And that was the end of the story. So, uh I was left with that thinking about that over the weekend and I think the fact is trading is very difficult because there's this, you know, component that you're only as good as your last day. You know, I mean it's it's similar to professional, well, you know, athletes and things like that. You know, you play basketball and it's like, "Okay, I'm a basketball player." Let's just say. You know, but if you have five losing games in a row, it's like, "Gosh, darn it." You know, uh you know, but you see these guys in the golf course, they're slamming their golf clubs. People on the tennis court, they're slamming their rackets. You feel like there's emotion. You're trying so hard and and trading is definitely that type of job. You have that those same emotions. You know, you make big mistakes. You also have big victories. Some of it is luck, a lot of it is skill, but there's a certain degree of you do everything right and things still fall apart. Or you do everything wrong, but you you get lucky. And so, at the end of last week, I was feeling a bit deflated. You know, I was like, "This has been a tough year." Um last year was great. It was phenomenal. Um you know, you can't have big years like that every year, but this year I I'm definitely aware that I'm trending well behind last year's profit. It seems impossible that I would make as much as I made last year. I think that's a little bit discouraging as a trader that you don't always see progressively more profit each year the longer you trade that you have a bit more ebb and flow because there's this external force, which is the market and it can be great or it can be really tough. Yesterday was pretty good. Um but what we noticed about last week and also yesterday is that dividing my attention between the small account and the big account has had some cost and I've often had some great entries in the small account where it would have been great if I'd gotten 20,000 shares in my big account, but I got 1,000 shares in the small account. And then the stock moves and I miss taking that same trade. Now, sometimes I try to, but I'm too slow, and then I'm chasing, and you know, so I had a couple of days last week where I felt like because the small account had been my front and center, the big account was sort of picking up the scraps and not trading as cleanly as I normally would. And that continued yesterday. Yesterday was a good green day in my main account, but I felt that it could have been better, um you know, had I had better entries on some of these setups. And so today, I let the the main account take the front seat, and I put the small account a little bit in the backseat. Now, I ended up being green in the small account, but it's a small green day. But in the main account, I performed well. So, let's go ahead and jump on the screen share and break it down. The first stock I traded was SVRE, and I was hesitant. I really was. Um and let's talk about why. So, this is an Israeli company. It's had a history of popping up. It's had a history of having red candles. I'm familiar with the stock. You know, it doesn't trade very well. It's done They've done a number of reverse splits. They do secondary offerings. The stock keeps going lower. And so when it first popped up, I was like, "An Israeli stock with a military headline? I don't know. Do I really Do I really want to trade this? I'm not sure." You know, and you could argue moral and ethical grounds and this and that, but you know, just from the the pure standpoint of trading price action and what's moving, it was moving. Um but the morning was a little bit I wasn't sure because yesterday we had this stock JEM, J E M, that had made a big squeeze, you know, rallying up after hours, pulling back, pushing higher, pulling back, pushing higher, pulling back, pushing higher. And so this was our leading gainer coming into 7:00 a.m. Um but it was very thickly traded, a bit higher priced. Now, I did end up trading it as you can see here, but uh we'll get into that trade in a moment. So, at the time that SVRS um or SVRE popped up, there was nothing else that really looked um um significantly better. Um and and it definitely moved up a bit more than I expected it would. Oh, by the way, this morning, so we had JAM on the scans earlier, then we had CAST, 22 million share float, then we had um GVH, this one popped up, um Australian company. Um Then we had DGNX, then we had CUPR. And so, you know, there were a couple other stocks that had popped up earlier, but none of them I was, you know, really in love with. Um So, then 7:00 a.m. we get SKYQ, 7:45. This one's continuing on the daily chart, but um approaching the 200 moving average right there, rejecting that level. Um Then um we had uh W- sorry, VWAP. Uh VWAP ends up popping up, and this one, man, this one was uh >> [sighs] >> kind of frustrating. This one pops up. Um it's also defense, you know, which again is like similar to the Israeli company. It's a defense stock, so, you know, military stuff and I don't know, you know, so whatever. So, this pops up and uh I'm like, I don't know, the float on it's 13 million shares, a little higher, I'm not really sure about it. Um but it ends up um you know, going from $5 all the way up to a high of seven, micro pullback, and all the way up to nine. And I didn't trade this micro pullback right here because um this one um was right at the 200 moving average. So, that was the resistance. So, I'm I'm going to review this trade, and then we'll get on to see uh SVRE. I forgot which one was first. So, on VWAP, I end up um not taking this micro pullback. It works really well, goes up to nine, it drops down, and I bought the dip off of eight. Bounce off volume weighted average price, it ends up ripping back up to 950 and I locked up boom, 10,000 bucks on that trade. Jumped in, stepped up to the plate, bought the dip off VWAP, clean trade, took the profits as it squeezed higher, but it rejects, drops down, higher volume selling and I'm thinking, "Mhm, that's not great." It ends up coming back down quite a bit more. So, I wasn't shocked. I was shocked at how much it went up. Uh but I only participated in sort of that little bounce and then that was it. It's actually red on the day now, down 4 and 1/2%. So, all right. So, that kind of set the stage and then SVRE pops up. It's also got this military catalyst and this was before VWAP had sold off so much. And so, when this first pops up, I'm thinking, you know, I've traded the stock before, it doesn't usually do super well. Um I I'm not really sure, but as you can see here, micro pullback there at 366. So, that was the first trade, potential trade. I didn't take that trade. So, that was the your first setup right there. Then, it ends up popping up here to a high of 833, pulls back, comes back up right here, rejects, drops down, goes below VWAP, it feels like it's it's dead. Then, it starts to come back up here and right here, we started to get consolidation. Consolidation above VWAP and this is where I started stalking it and I was like, all right, I think this is the spot. I end up punching it right here at Let's see. I ended up getting filled at 698. So, I got in for the break of seven right here and this thing rips up to 750, up to eight, micro pullback, then it pushes up to 850. I traded the micro pullback in the small account, which was okay. Ends up going all the way up to high of nine, then rejection and I'm scaling out and taking profit. So, I end up locking up $16,000 on it just in that little area right there. Now, it ends up pulling back, doesn't go higher, so there's no additional trades on it. So, now I'm sitting I peaked at 29,000 and I was up 18,800 or so on SVRE and I gave back um you know three grand off the top. The last trade was a $10,000 10,000 share dip trade. It was right right around here at eight. Pops up. I got some slippage on my fill and then stopped as it came back down. So all right, that's fine. Gave back 10% off the top. And then I thought maybe I was done and that was that was it. Let's see. 8:45 that I'd taken that trade. So then I'm just sitting here and all of a sudden I had been watching Jem JEM and meanwhile we had right around so we had just had this move on SVRE which was good and then we had let me back this up to like 8:45. So around 8:30 8:45 we had CELZ that started to pull away. Little bit of a cheaper stock headline that they had withdrawn their registration for an offering and ends up rallying up and making a pretty big move. So I was like man this thing is strong. It's up you know going up on the day 140% 150%. It's really squeezing and then I still had Jem JEM on my side chart which was up here on this upper monitor. So I had it on watch and I just looked over because Jem hit my running up scanner. So I had it on a side chart. It hits my running up scanner so I hear the ding and I'll show you that alert. So that's going to be around um 8 50 something. Um right here. Jem hits at $3.57 right there at 52 million shares of volume. It's up 230%. I pull it up and I'm like mhm mhm. I see that. Right here it's starting to pop. It starts to move even faster and I punch it. I bought 15,000 shares at 370. I added at 380. I added at 395. I I at four. I've got a 45,000 share position. And this thing rips, as you can see, up here to four Well, first it hits 420 and I take some profit off the table. Then it dips down and then I add to my position up here for the break of five. We get a squeeze all the way up to 558. And on this one, my best exit was 558. High of day, what was the high of day? High of day, 566. Really solid. And so at that point, I had, you know, a 50, 60,000 share position. I'm taking profit uh and I'm up in an instant, $46,000. I mean, this trade was all of 2 minutes long and it was just boom, boom. Phenomenal. Awesome breakout. So then that pulls back and CELZ uh ends up pulling away at the open here, breaking 280, going up to three, 320, 350, pulls back, goes up to four, dips down, up to 420, up to a high of about 480, dropping back down now and pulling back a little bit. I didn't take any trades on CELZ. Um you know, I had other stocks I was focusing on. I didn't want to overstay my welcome and right now, I feel great about where I'm finishing the month, as it turns out. You know, when we were looking at my P&L, um you just yesterday, I was in this, you know, well, this didn't include yesterday's profit, but, you know, this is where I was uh at the end of the week last week, down $44,000 and uh you know, in a drawdown, at least. And um you know, now uh all of a sudden, made back 29,000 yesterday, all right? And then $72,000 today and I'm finishing the month, um you know, the P&L is back up at the highs. So this will be over half a million dollars of trading profit this month. Amazing. And so, you know, and and clearly to finish the month um as strong as this is telling us that we've still got a lot of momentum, we've still got a lot of opportunity. So I I feel good about that. Uh I'm going to do the best I can to capitalize on it. I am struggling a little bit with managing two accounts, you know, kind of going back and forth, different focus, different priority there, but I'm grateful to be green. I hope you guys had a good month. But, regardless of June, there are no doubt lessons to be learned for me as well of what I can do to do even better in July. So, I'd like to try to make July a better month than June. Even if it doesn't mean necessarily I make more money because how much I make is sort of limited by the opportunities we get. But, if I could trade better, if I could have a better profit loss ratio, if I could have fewer unnecessary losses, then I think that would make July a better month. A good and that's a sort of you know, again going back to the sports, you know, a good month a good game is it a game that you know, you lose, but you traded really well? Is it a good game a game you win, but you took crazy stupid risk and you just kind of got lucky on a Hail Mary pass? You know, you'd like to have consistency and confidence in yourself. So, you know, this month you can see average winner 6,500, average losers 4,600. Accuracy 68%. This doesn't include yesterday or today. You know, we look back to the month of May, which you know, arguably was a slower month in the market, but you know, the month of May was $187,000. The average losers were half as big. The average winners were half as big. Accuracy was even a little bit lower. So, you know, May wasn't really a better month. $18,000 biggest winner, $15,000 biggest losers, whereas this month we're at 55,000 for biggest winner, 30,000 for biggest loser. I mean, I don't know. Maybe I've been hard on myself about last week, but it was it was a little discouraging and and I felt like, you know, I I kind of let the winds fall, you know, between my fingers. Like I just I had them. They were there and I just fumbled it or I you know, I don't know. So, anyways, always room for improvement. But, I'll be back at it first thing tomorrow morning streaming at 7:00 a.m. Those you guys that haven't already checked out our 4th of July sales are currently underway here at Warrior Trading. So, you can come over to the website warriortrading.com, check out the 4th of July specials. We've got discounts on our Warrior Starter Membership. We've got discounts on our Warrior Pro Membership. The Warrior Pro Membership here includes a year of access to my chat room and includes a 7-day money-back guarantee, a satisfaction guarantee. So, you can go in for 7 days and and really see what it's like to be a member of the community. Now, you guys are also welcome at any time to do a 2-week trial for 20 bucks. And that gives you a similar experience. So, you could do the 2-week trial, start it today, be in the chat room for the next week, and then the 4th of July sales will end I think it's going to be on Monday or Tuesday right after the holiday weekend next week. So, about a week from today. So, that's when you've got to, you know, take advantage of that coupon code if you're going to, but it would give you the chance to be in the community with the trial just for the next week to see if it's really a good fit. So, hope you guys check it out, but I'll remind you as always that trading is risky. My results aren't typical and there's no guarantee you'll find success whether you trade with me or you learn on your own. So, take it slow and I'll see you guys back at it first thing tomorrow morning.