Title: These are the Stocks Giving the Biggest Wins in 2026...
Views: 28468
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=-jSYkNsGwcc
======================================================================

What's up everyone? All right, so in today's episode, I'm going to give you a little midmon recap, if you will, a progress report as to where I'm at here, two weeks into the new year. I want to share with you some themes that I'm beginning to see emerging from the market. And I'm going to create a profile of the type of stocks that I'm going to be watching very closely, not just this week, but uh but more generally speaking, based on um kind of where I'm already starting to see that I'm making the most money. So, tomorrow markets closed as you may already know for Martin Luther King Day. I will upload a watch list tomorrow that will be for Tuesday morning. But right now, let's take a moment just to look at uh these two weeks so far of January and I'll share with you the themes I'm beginning to see emerging. So, I reset my main account to $100,000 or just approximately. It was actually around 96,000 but about $100,000 for January 1st. And the account has already produced a profit of $179,000. So, it's up 179% in 10 days. My average winners are about $5,000. My average losers are a little over 2,000. And the accuracy is 80%. Average winners are 2 minutes long. Average losers are one minute long. And the average daily gain is about $19,000 a day. That has me on track right here for a $5 million year. Now the one thing that I will say is that uh December was really strong at the beginning of the month and then it cooled off toward the end. But when we look at the month of December um well this is December 2026 but if we look at December 2025 um I have it filtered just for 26 but uh the market holidays sort of right here in the middle of the week for the last two weeks kind of meant these last two weeks were a wash. Well I guess we really had three full weeks of December before it slowed down. But in any event, if we uh just change this out, I'll show you my profit for December. Uh I felt like December was strong at the beginning and I was had pretty high hopes I was going to finish the year really strong and then it really cooled off as you can see these last two weeks. So, you know, having said that, I wasn't surprised that Tuesday, uh, or sorry, uh, Friday, January 2nd was slow given that it was, you know, the first Friday and also, you know, the end of the week, I figured a lot of people probably took these whole these full two weeks off. So, what I was thinking was that then Monday, uh, January, fourth, fifth, um, six, we would see some really good momentum. That's what I was expecting. So, when we came in on Monday, uh, on the 5th, we did have some momentum, but it wasn't anything insane. Then Tuesday was slow, and Wednesday was a no trade day. Thursday was slower. Friday was a red day. So, one week into the year here, I'd already had two no trade days and one red day. That to me was a little concerning. I was like, this is, is this what this whole year is going to be like? Uh, but then I reminded myself that, you know what, in 2025, I had more no trade days than I've ever had before. That's true. But I also had only 15 red days, which for me is a real achievement. That's, you know, about one red day a month. Typically, I figure historically, one red day a week. And if we looked at 2021, you would notice I had about 48 red days. So 52 weeks out of the year, yeah, I was averaging about one red day a month. In 2025, I only had, sorry, one red day a week. In 2025, I only had one red day a month. So I greatly reduced my number of red days by like 75%. But I also had more no trade days. So I had more days where I came in and I said, you know, I just don't see anything I like. Probably in 2021, I would have traded on that day and it would have been red. But in 2025, I was like, you know what? I'm just going to wait. I don't need to trade and I didn't trade. So, you know what ended up happening in 2025? This feels like sort of a divergence. MACD goes negative, but the price goes higher. I traded less. I had fewer trading days because of the no trade days, but I made more money. How's that happen? I think it's the result of the added confidence and conviction I had because I didn't have those red days that kind of brought me down. Instead, I just had no trade days. And then the next day, we had something on the scanner that looked good and my account was still at all-time highs. I wasn't recovering from loss. I wasn't in trader rehab. I wasn't in a draw down. I was just like, "All right, ready to hit the ground running. Let's go." And so, boom, jumped in. And then all of a sudden, I've got a really solid green day. So, if we looked at my accuracy from 2025, I averaged about 71% accuracy over the entire year. And that was an improvement over my accuracy over the last 10 years, which is about 68.5%. So I'm just going to go last year here, and you'll see this is going to be about 71.1%. So that was really good. Average winners 3500, average losers 2,000. So already to start this year, my accuracy being 80% is fantastic. And the average winners are also bigger. And the average losers, they're only slightly bigger. Now, if we take a look for one second, I want to also do a year-toate for 2021. So, in 2021, my accuracy was only 66%. Average winners were 2200, 2,300. Average losers were 2500. So, an inverted profit to loss ratio, but with higher accuracy, I mean, even though it wasn't as high as it is now, as long as it was above 50%, I was profitable. And I did, as it turned out, make about $4.3 million. If we look at win versus loss days here, I'm going to run um a couple different filters. So, this is 2021. Um 48 losing days as you could see right there. And now I'm going to do last year. And I think it was 15 days. Let's just double check that. 15 losing days in 2025. And that, you know, that's a huge improvement. Now, what I want to also do is a quick comparison of winners versus losers. So, in 2021, uh, I I actually made more in the sense that I had more winners. So, in 2021, I made $10 million in winners. And so, you know, that that was a great year. But when we take away the losers, well, that's how I ended with about $4.4 million. So, let's generate this report. So, this is 2021. $10 million of winners and 5.8 8 million in losers. So my net profit was about right 4 4.1 4.2. So you know a good year but it on a sort of grand scheme of things the profit to loss ratio was less than 2:1. 2:1 would be five 5.8 time two so close to 12 and and I I was at 10. So it was less than 2:1. Let's look at last year. Last year I had the highest um profit ratio I've ever had. Total profit 8.5 million. I actually made less than I made in 2021, but my total losers was only 2 million. And so here I have a 4:1 profit to loss ratio in total over the course of the whole year. It's actually slightly higher than 4 to one. And so that allowed me even with um less total profit to make more money at the end of the day because I kept my losers smaller. And my goal for this year is to not only keep my losers smaller, but to push myself that on the days when the market's hot to take bigger size and to trade longer into the day. So essentially, when it's hot, I want to try to squeeze as much as I can out of the hot market. And when it's cold, I want to recognize immediately it's not happening and take my foot completely off the gas, even if that means a no trade day. So, will I have another year this year where I trade even less than last year, but also make even more money? It's possible in theory. And right now, while I'm averaging for a $5 million year, we're only two weeks into the year. It's really hard to say. I've still got 50 weeks left in front of me. And at the end of the day, uh, I would say that how much I make this year is kind of out of my control in the sense that we could have companies that put out great catalysts and we have big moves and I could make a lot. Or if we have fewer catalysts, fewer themes, and fewer headlines, uh, and fewer big movers, then I just won't make as much. And that is out of my control. But what is in my control is how quickly I walk away on red days and how hard I push it on the green days. And I think that can amount to maybe like a 20 to 25% increase in profit just by improving my efficiency on any given day. And so that's kind of where I'm at right now is thinking, can I improve my efficiency to be a little bit more aggressive when it's hot and take my foot off the gas when it's cold. So maybe next year or this year compared to last year my profit to loss ratio is even higher. Okay. So the first week of January was a little bit slow and I was a little bit worried. And then going into the second week of January, uh, well, it didn't get that much better. Not not immediately at least. I'm going to click this out. Let's see. We'll go to January. So, Monday and Tuesday, this last week, 1,600 on Monday and only 3,900 on Tuesday. Two trades and then eight trades. Now, on Wednesday, we had this big catalyst on RORL. And you can see I didn't really take that many trades on it. Um, and this is an area where I feel like maybe maybe I sold and stopped trading a little too soon. So, ROLR um had this big catalyst um on Wednesday uh news of a letter of intent with Crypto.com to work with them to bring uh prediction markets to the United States. And this is going to be, I think, a theme that's emerging for 2026 because I don't know about you, but I get so many ads on social media for these prediction markets. Um, Kshi, if that's the the way you say it, Poly Markets. I mean, I'm just seeing so many people advertising and it seems like there's I don't know if they do an affiliate program or what they do, but there is so much advertising for these prediction markets. It's essentially trying to give people a way, at least on the surface, to be able to do sports betting in all 50 states. So now you can do sports betting with the with the poly markets, the prediction markets. And it's not exactly it's it's not currently considered gambling because you're trading against other uh people, not against the house. So the house doesn't pay, it's the other traders that are on the other side of the bet. So the poly markets just uh or the prediction markets just basically connect these um these people with opposing uh viewpoints. Uh I I think that you know obviously there'll be interest from regulators that what what does constitute gambling and what does not. But in any case uh for right now they're definitely gaining popularity. And so when I saw this headline on ROR I knew immediately this was something to pay attention to. I jumped in and right in this move here, uh, just in this area here is where I made $86,000. It then pulled back and I didn't trade it at all later in the day here. One thing that I will note is that we had higher volume on the initial pop and later in the day when it moved higher, the volume was lighter. So, I do want to trade the periods where the volume is the highest. That's where it's going to have the best liquidity and where I can get in and out with the biggest positions. But, it is also hard seeing this eight point move and I didn't trade it at all. So, I don't know. I I'm a little bit conflicted there, but I feel like I might have undertraded this a little bit. And I think this speaks to a challenge that a lot of traders face. You have a day where you get in, you get green, it's a great day in an hour or whatever it might be. You hit your daily goal or you exceed it and you're like, "Life is good. I don't need to push it. All right, I'm done. I'm going to go enjoy my day. I feel great." Okay? So, you undertrade. And then on day when on that first trade, you go red, you're frustrated. You know, you went to bed early, you got up early. Now you're sitting here red. You didn't do your job. So then you just keep trading and trading and trading and trading until you finally make it back to green maybe or hit max loss. And so it feels like on the days that I go red is when I push it the hardest. But what I should really be doing is taking my foot off the gas and giving up immediately with a small red day and push it harder on the days when I'm doing really well. But that's like instinctually the exact opposite of what we do. So I have to be very um I have to conscientiously remind myself each day and I and I still have work to do in this regard that it's hot. This is the time not to you know get sort of complacent. This is a time where I've got to try to extract as much as I can because if I can trade a little bit more each of these days with slightly bigger size and slightly longer to the day that over the course of the year could add an extra 10 15% you know 20% who knows. um maybe more to the total profit. So my thought there ROR was that definitely the next stock we see that has a prediction market catalyst I'm going to pay pretty close attention to. So the prediction markets here is um is the first possible theme. All right. So that's number one. Definitely paying attention to that theme. So uh and and you know I mean we may get to the point where we see every company jumping on trying to tie into prediction markets in one way or another you know whether it's offering technology for the predict prediction markets or it's you know I mean who knows we we definitely have seen this with other themes in the past that once companies realize that this is a headline that could send our stock up like 400% in one day they're going to be trying to come up with any reason to get into prediction markets. Right? So like Warrior Trading, if we were a publicly traded company and we were trying to jump on this theme, we would create a scanner for prediction markets, new scanner coming to the market for prediction markets, right? New scanner coming to the market with AI. It's like new scanner for crypto. Whatever the theme is, a new scanner for, you know, vaccine companies during the pandemic, whatever the theme is, you know, those companies try to jump on it and kind of get a little momentum from just the exuberance that is uh around that current um you know, cycle. So, that was ROL and then SP uh HS no SH what was it? SHPS, no SP uh let's go over to um I'll go over to here. So, oops. Let's back that up. So, if we come over here, um, look at detailed. Uh, I'll pull I'll get that ticker. I'm going to pull up the one that went up a,000%. But, uh, I'm just going to do year-to date here. So, year-to- date, a couple other themes that have emerged so far in my trading. Um, based on, uh, so far what we're seeing is that I'm making more money on stocks that have the potential to go up 25 million in shares traded, 25 million in volume. That doesn't mean when I'm trading it, it it has 25 million. This is the amount of volume by the end of the day. It would be a little more helpful if it was the amount of volume at the time traded, but I don't know. Anyways, this is what it is. So, this is tricky because some of these that are lighter volume, I probably thought they had the potential to be higher volume, but as it turned out, I was wrong. But it seems more often than not, I am right in terms of my distribution of trades being, you know, on these stocks that do get high volume. So, end of day volume uh theme end of day uh 25 million shares. And I think what this speaks to is the importance of making sure the stock therefore is obvious number one gainer, right? If it's obvious, number one gainer, it's going to have more volume. So, making sure I'm focusing on obvious stocks each morning. That's going to be that's definitely going to be key. Um and then look at this right here. We can see that my performance by instrument by instruments relative volume is that basically all of my profits are coming from stocks and all my trades from stocks that have five times relative volume. 5x relative volume. So 5x relative volume. All right. Now we know this is all part well at least this is certainly part of our five pillars of stock selection. Um, now if we jump back up over here to price and volume, you'll see that I've done the best in the price range of between five and 10. Although the the traditional five pillars uh price is between two and 20, five and 10 is kind of the sweet spot where I seem to do really well. Now, what we could also observe here is uh percentage change on the day. So, uh, percentage change and they've got to be up at least 25% at this point for me to even consider it. Um, with the exception, I suppose, I don't know, of a stock that had like an amazing catalyst and the news has just come out and it's only up like 18% or something. But generally, I it's got to be moving pretty quickly. I saw someone mention uh in the chat room this week that they have um uh they were calling it like a 5500 rule uh that the stock needs to be up 50% on at least 500,000 shares before they'll trade it. I don't have that rule for myself. Um 50% is not a bad idea. Uh the 500,000 shares of volume, you can have stocks on breaking news that pop up quickly, but definitely having a little bit more volume behind the name is helpful. I just wouldn't want to not take a micro pullback that I saw forming because it was only like 425,000 shares and it hadn't crossed 500. That feels in that case like it wouldn't make sense. But in any event um so um yeah so then rate of change and then the next two items on um here would be uh float under uh 20 certainly under uh under five right now is like even more powerful uh and every now and then you see a stock with a sub 1 million share float. Now, the news catalyst, uh, obviously the prediction markets is is a catalyst to pay attention to, but um, let's see, it was SPHL here, but we've had other stocks so far this year that have popped up, and some, um, even, you know, have had no news at all, which is interesting. So, PHL, this is the one that went up over a,000%. It's possible that this will give us a first, uh, daily candle to make a new high, another pullback, and then boom. Um, we often see that. It's only good for like, you know, maybe a 20 30% bounce off the low, but it can still be a decent trade. In any case, um, this one, uh, really strong move in pre-market, then it's choppy, and then it opens up again. And so, I want to trade when stocks are going parabolic and avoid the chop, right? So, trade when it's going straight up, avoid the chop. I don't know, there should we should come up with a good um a good a good saying for that. Um um I was watching this uh Instagram reel of these guys driving on I5 and they say you twist the strap to avoid the flap. That's a great saying. Twist the strap to avoid the flap when you're you know you've got a load on the back of a truck. So we need something like that for um trade the straight up, not the sideways, except it's got to like rhyme. So maybe one of you guys will get on on that and uh come up with a new saying. But in any case, um, yeah, so I, so I think that we and then we had MLEC. This was on my watch list last week, by the way, on Sunday. And this one ended up going up from $4 to 13 bucks with no news. Amazing. RV L. U, this was another one that was on my watch list. This one also had a pretty big move. It was back here. Um, didn't hold up as well, but from five to eight. So the recent reverse splits, they would work better if they had news, but even without news, we've seen a couple of um a couple of decent moves. So, and the theme on these was sub 1 million share float, both on MLEC and that one. So, very low float stocks. Now, my thinking right now is on Friday, we had a couple of stocks that were popping up um and then immediately reversing. So, sort of this kind of move pop up and reverse. And that's indicative of a market that's a little bit frothy. It's a little bubbly. People are jumping in, but then oh, there's no news. They're jumping right back out. And shorts are getting aggressive on these, adding, adding, adding, and believing they will return. So, I want to use caution jumping on stocks that are up without a catalyst and waiting rather than being too aggressive to jump in while it's spiking. Wait for it to prove it can actually hold. let it build and grind a little bit and then if it looks like it's going to pull away and go parabolic, that's the spot where I want to get in. So, it kind of pops up, you know, pulls back and then kind of grinds for a curling pattern. This is sort of the area starting there where I want to trade it. Not in that first pop, not necessarily while it dips back down, but once it starts to curl back up, that then tells me that the initial catalyst that gave it that pop was enough. or even if it was no news, there's enough traders that are jumping in it and it's obvious enough that it's working. So, I think on some days we may find that the most obvious stock has no news. It's just up enough that it's the leading gainer and people are trading it. But on most days, I think stocks without news probably won't work super well. It's tricky because on the one hand, if you've got a news headline and it's a very mundane headline, then you sort of price in that this shouldn't even be up this much. So, it's definitely going to come down. Whereas, if something's going up, but there's no news whatsoever, then traders speculate, does someone know something I don't know? They haven't put out news. Was something leaked? And and then that sort of question of maybe there's something I don't know, I think has short sellers a little cautious and long traders speculating. So, in some ways, no news is actually better than a mundane headline. But the best case scenario is a really good headline. And so my hope for this coming week and for the coming weeks uh is that we do see some good headlines um with stocks tied into the prediction markets because that's the theme that I can sort of really feel the best about right now. AI, you know, not so much. It's been kind of played out. The crypto treasury strategy, you know, if crypto gets back to all-time highs or Bitcoin specifically, maybe those work again, but right now, not so much. Uh, so, you know, those are kind of out of play, but this prediction market theme that I think we may see more of um could work. Now, you could argue with the crypto treasury strategy, it was very easy for a company to put out that headline. They're going to buy crypto and put it on their balance sheet. Anyone could do that. Getting into the prediction markets, I mean, that I mean, I guess I don't know. that feels like that's going to be a little bit more specialized. So, we'll probably see fewer headlines, but hopefully the companies that put out the headline that they're getting into that space, you know, have something like what High Roller had, which is a, you know, letter of intent with a wellestablished company or, you know, they've got something that, you know, maybe there's a big investor backing them, something that gives it a little bit more juice. you know, if you had some of these stocks that have been up quite a bit, um, like an ESB, um, well, I mean, this one's pulled back now since that move to 120, but you know, I don't know. Well, now the float's too high at 190 million shares, but BMR might be the same at this point. Yeah, the float's way too high on that one as well. But in any case, you know, if you had one of these stocks that has a lower float, um, you know, that did a treasury strategy last year and then also jumps into the prediction markets, I mean, that that could work. But um I mean ultimately time will tell. So you know at this point my kind of gut feeling is that I I was initially wondering what the theme was but then as soon as we had that first prediction market headline I was like okay here we go. This makes a lot of sense. I mean as soon as I saw it headline I was like yep this makes sense. So now it's just a question of how long it's going to be before we see other companies jumping on this theme. and if the other companies that jump on the theme really have a like a valid um headline or it's kind of just fluffy like they're you know I don't know they're this is a thing where you can have a headline that reads really well but then there's no substance behind it so there needs to be some substance behind it but that's what I'll be analyzing that's what I'm watching and you know at this point any stock that meets these parameters um even if it doesn't have this initial headline but it's moving quickly I'm going to be watching it pretty closely. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to put a link in the description for a twoe trial here at Warrior Trading. And those you guys that want to watch over my shoulder as I'm trading for the next two weeks, it's two weeks for 20 bucks. You'll see how the rest of January plays out. I'm excited. Uh this is the, you know, first month of the year, the chance to kind of build the cushion, get the year off to a good start, and you'll be able to watch side by side with me and all the other traders at Warrior Trading as we're navigating the markets and looking for strong stocks. So, I hope you guys check it out. I'll remind you as always, me being up 179% in 10 days, those results are not typical. I've been trading for a long time. So, don't assume that you will achieve a similar result. In fact, there's no guarantee you'll find success whether you trade with me or you learn on your own. So, you better manage your risk and practice a simulator before putting real money on the line. With that, I will see you guys back at it first thing Tuesday morning.