Title: Day Trading Watch List for MONDAY Feb 23rd
Views: 27469
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=p5JkC4K8upc
======================================================================

What's up everyone? All right, so in today's episode, I'm going to break down my watch list for Monday morning and the game plan for the week ahead. I can't believe it, but we're already coming to the end of February. So, we've got the last full week of February coming up here, and then we're going right around the corner into the month of March. And March is the last month of Q1. So, we're going to take a moment to kind of check in with where I'm at on my goals for the month, goals for the year. Uh it's early in the year, but it's always good to check in and kind of see where we're at. Check performance. And I think right now it's a really good reflection of what we're seeing in the overall market. The market was really hot in January. I had a great month and then it cooled off in February. February has been interesting because we've had some momentum, but it's been on sometimes lower price stocks, higher price stocks, stocks with floats I didn't expect would end up making as big of a move as they did. They were too high. And we've seen a lot of moves after hours and even just in the afternoon. And so I've missed a lot of the action this month because it just sort of fell outside of my strategy of when I expect and I would make the most money and time of day and on the type of stocks I would expect to make the most on. And I think part of that is that the markets um experiencing a little bit of a shift right now. Obviously, in 2025, we had a ton of catalysts that were tied into cryptocurrency asset treasury strategies that a lot of these small cap companies adopted, trying to kind of jump on the bandwagon of crypto. That hasn't played out super well as crypto is down 50% in the last 6 months and interest is sort of waning in the crypto space at the moment. Uh so those catalysts are kind of gone. The prediction markets are active, but we haven't seen a lot of publicly traded companies getting into them. So those headlines have been sort of sparse. And then we've always depended on good old-fashioned biotech stocks. You know, a biotech stock with clinical trials that are really good or FDA approvals. In fact, we had a move uh just after hours uh on Friday that was a biotech stock with uh FDA approval for a new drug for bipolar schizophrenia. And the stock went up 44%. But you know what's interesting is it had a 50 million share float. And so imagine, let's just jump on the whiteboard for a second. Imagine for example, um 50 million share float and the stock goes up um 44%. And let's see, let's just check the scanners for one second. I want to see um what the um total volume was on that one. So I'm going to jump on to my after hours top gainers scanner here to look at that move from Friday. It was VNDA here and it traded with 6 million shares of volume. So on 6 million shares of volume. All right. So for what it's worth, um 6 million shares of volume with a 50 million share float. It's up 44%. So come Monday morning, there's going to be, you know, a lot of shareholders that are going to look and see, I'm up 44%. What are they going to want to do? They're going to want to sell and take profit. Imagine if this structure was a little bit different. Imagine if instead of a 50 million share float, the float was 5 million shares. You had the same 6 million shares of volume. So solve for what would be the percentage change 440%. I it wouldn't shock me at all. And so this is kind of the interesting thing with that equation of supply and demand. The demand is the volume. The supply is the float. And in this case, you had a stock that was a nice biotech stock. And it made a 44% move. You can't complain about that. But had that been on a lowerflow stock, we would have had something we could really work with. And so that's kind of been the theme this month. Again, it's a decent move, but the float's a little higher. And look, I mean, there's only so many companies that are going to put out a news headline of great clinical trials or FDA approvals each month, right? That's that's not like a crypto treasury strategy that any company could adopt just to kind of fan the flames of a hot market and boost their stock price up a little bit. You know, you either have good trial results or you don't. And you know, I mean, we'd love these companies to be curing cancer faster and putting out these great headlines for all the obvious reasons and then of course the benefit to shareholders, but uh you know, it it just happens a little bit more slowly. So, we're in a period where I would say attention is a bit dispersed. And here's the challenge. As a beginner trader, it could be really hard to understand the difference between um a hot market and a cold market. For let me give you an example. Imagine you're uh a cyclist. You ride a bike professionally. Uh you do races. You shave your legs. You wear those tight little outfits. You wear the little hat and well, of course, a helmet also. Uh and uh that's your thing. Okay. So, imagine you have the same exact racetrack uh course, whatever you call it, but two different days. One day it's sunny, the other day it's raining. There's no question you're going to have a better time on the sunny day. all other variables unchanged. Just the weather is going to completely change your performance and the way you approach things. If you try to ride the way you would ride on a sunny day when the track is wet, you're going to fall. You're going to crash. You've got to be more conservative. You got to ease off the throttle. And trading is the same way. Same exact setup, same exact stock. In a hot market, might go up 400%. In a colder market, maybe it only goes up 50%. In fact, my cold market daily goal is 5,000 a day. My hot market daily goal is $20,000 a day. Four times. And it's very consistent that I will make four times as much money when the market's hot versus when it's cold. And case in point, we'll be looking at January's performance versus February's performance. But one of the things I think is important for a beginner trader is that you don't isolate yourself in a bubble where you don't have anyone to bounce ideas off of to get a sense of are other people experiencing what I'm experiencing or am I you know is it just me? So in at Warrior Trading of course you've got a community of other traders who when a stock pops up traders will say oh you know I'm familiar with that stock it's really choppy or you know that's a stock that I trade before and I've done really well on. So I'm going to put a link for the twoe trial. It'll be pinned at the top of the comments and in the description where you guys can join for two weeks. And while you're in the two-eek trial, you get to watch over my shoulder every single day while I'm trading. You'll see my positions window, my trading window, where I'm getting in, where I'm getting out, and you'll be able to listen to me while I'm trading. And you'll be able to see all the other traders in the community and hear their commentary as well about the condition of the overall market. And you'll recognize that right now the market is certainly colder. And so, this is a time to ease off the throttle. With a raceourse, it's easy to see it's raining or it's sunny. But with trading, it's a more subtle um sort of um skill to be able to identify that the market is quite hot or the market is cold. And it's not just looking at the S&P 500. You know, the S&P 500 can be cruising uh but the overall market for small caps for uh you know, more speculative asset classes is not as strong. So that can also be a discrepancy or a divergence. Okay. So, let's start by looking at that top gainer scanner from after hours. Okay, so VNDA, this one ends up making a big move in after hours as you can see from $6 up to nine on that FDA approval. That's awesome. Love to see that. However, the float, as you can see, is higher. Um, I don't think this is a stock that I'll probably trade on Monday morning. I think um it may get a little bit more attention, but I think with the float that big, it's going to end up uh seeing some selling because there wasn't enough volume to support everyone uh excuse me, who who was up uh you know 40% taking profit. And so I think once those people start taking profit, it's going to sell off. So then the next stock that was up after hours was VHub. VHub is a somewhat recent IPO as you can see right here, but it IPOed and sold off hard. That's not totally uncommon, but you don't love to see that retail discretionary. Um, you know, this is intelligent retail, blah blah blah blah. I just don't know that this is going to be a hot sector. So, and I would also say this is a stock that keeps kind of popping up as you can see here and here and here and then it just gives back those gains. It's not holding those levels. So, it feels like there's a um just a it's like a I don't know. There's like a headwind trying to trade this and it's not really worth it. NCI um so NCI, this is going to be the first stock that I'm going to put on my uh watch list. I will say a couple things about it. Number one, it is a Chinese company. So, Hong Kong listed company right here, luxury apparel. I I don't think it's really the sector that I would typically go for, but I don't want to discount the fact that it's a somewhat recent IPO. It's been volatile and the thing is moving higher and so, you know, I wouldn't totally write it off. This may have been the peak right here, that after hours squeeze to 11 and we might just see it kind of unwind from that level. But if it can base out here off of eight, curl back up, at what point am I going to start to look for a retest of 11? You know, maybe over the sort of halfway point around 10. You know, if we get back up above 950 and then up above 10, then we would start to look for that break of 11 and a move higher. So, I would say definitely NCI over 11 is interesting. Um, that's going to be the first one on my watch list. PBM is the second one on the watch list. If this one can break over 340, that could be interesting. It's it's one I've traded before. Canadian company healthcare biotech, but I I'm I'm also not totally crazy about necessarily trading something from after hours move on Friday, but nonetheless, this would be interesting if it breaks over 340. The next one is MLEC. MLEC was actually not an after hours gainer um but is on the top of our continuation scan right here. So, NCI and MLEC right here. So, this is a stock that has been really active. And on the daily chart, popped up, pulled back, pushed higher, now pulling back. So, maybe another push higher on the first daily candle to make a new high, but you have to contend with the fact that the price is a little higher and the spreads are a little bigger, especially with light volume. So, I think it's going to be higher risk. I don't know if it's going to really be worth it. And then SNSE is the fourth one on the list. Same story. higher priced, lighter volume, bigger spreads, daily chart that could keep going higher, but do you feel comfortable trading it? And I think the answer for most um beginners on these, you know, this is going to be sort of caution and this one's caution. These are higher risk. And even this one's fairly high risk. I mean, it's a Chinese stock. It's not really in the sector. Um and this one, honestly, all of these are fairly high risk. Um this is a stock that's sort of notorious for not trading very well. So those are four potential candidates. And then what am I going to be watching? You know, Monday A.M. So, Monday morning, the game plan is I'm going to sit down. Oh, actually, I'll probably pull up the scans on my phone when I'm still laying in bed. Um, you can access these scanners, Day Trade Dash. If you just go to a web browser, you can open up your web browser, go to warriortrading.com, log in to the members dashboard, and then pop open the scans. And I do that all the time in the morning. So, the first scan that I check is my top gainer scanner. So, that's this scan right here. And this will show me the leading gainers in the entire market of stocks above 50 cents a share. And so, um, you know, if I see there's some 50 60% gainers, I'll check the price. Is it between 50 cents and a dollar? Probably not going to be that interested, but it's good for me to know that that's in play. Um, and then what's the float? And are these stocks that meet my five pillars of stock selection and are worth considering? And if they are, then it's just a question of okay, well, what's the pattern that we're working with here? And um you know if it's a flat top breakout like that then I'll be looking for the break through that high which um would be fine. So this is the scanner I'll be using Monday morning. Um the small cap highayday scanner I'll be watching at the top and the bottom of the hours for breaking news headlines. And then the lowflow top gainer scanner I watch to see if there's any stocks that start to move up that scan uh as that can indicate a stock that maybe has news or is just starting to pull away a little bit. But with a lower float, you want to watch them closely because when they start moving quickly, they can they can really take off. So, I like to keep it simple. I don't over complicate things. I know the type of stock I'm looking for. I know the type of patterns I'm looking for. And when I see them, I don't hesitate. So, if you don't see me taking a lot of trades, it's not because um I'm it's not because I don't want to. It's just because I know the type of stocks I make money on and I know the type that I'm more likely to lose on. So last month for January, $23,000 daily average. So a little over the hot market daily goal with 400,000 of profit, 80% accuracy. That was solid. We look at this month and it's pretty embarrassing. Well, you know, all things considered, I'm up $152,000, but the average daily gains 11,000, so about half as much. And um 53% accuracy. So accuracy has gone down quite a bit. And that's if we include February 3rd, which was a huge winner. So, if we run this from February 4th, excluding that $80,000 trade, well, then my average daily gain is only about $6,000. That's when things really cooled off. And yeah, the accuracy has been lower. So, you know, Friday, we got a lucky lucky wild card move a couple Fridays ago. Um, right now, the price area I'm doing the best is still in this kind of 5 to$10 price zone. So, that's the area to pay attention to. that's still um my focus point and trading definitely aggressively in the mornings. Um it's interesting I had the loss between 7 and 8 but green 8 and 9 and uh 9 to 10 but I think that that's just kind of you know I don't know that that's necessarily a trend to pay attention to beyond it just being the last uh month. So then uh year to date we'll go year to date here on this one. So year to date, let's see, $555,000, $18,000 daily average, 73% accuracy. Average hold time only 3 minutes for winners and 2 minutes for losers. Cutting losses quickly, which is important. Uh price and volume, yep, doing the best between 5 and 10. 10 and 20. Okay. Higher price not doing as well. So definitely want to pay attention to the price where I do the best and the time of day when I do the best, which oh time of day. So we'll go to right here. So, those are the hours. I'm being aggressive between 7 a.m. and 10 a.m. And I'm really avoiding taking trades outside of that, except for uh taking some demo trades just for um members who are in our classes. Right now, I am in the process of reteing the entire curriculum at Warrior Trading. All of day trading the basics is being rettaught. I've already gotten through chapter 12. So, 13, 14, 15 is remaining to teach. I'll be working on that this week. And uh chapters 1 through 20 are brand new in day trading strategies and scaling as of this year. So this is all brand new content here. And uh chapter 8 on momentum trading uh is by far the longest at uh 22 hours as you can see right here. And this is where I'm adding the live trading archive. So this section goes pretty deep. Uh and I hope you guys have been enjoying it. I'm I know uh I've gotten feedback that a lot of the members um have been enjoying it. But uh for those of you guys who are doing a two-eek trial, you will also get access to a selection of these classes so you can get a sense of um what it my strategy is like and learn a little bit more about it so you can make the best of your two weeks uh with us before you hopefully decide to become a full-fledged member. So with that, I hope you guys have a great rest of the weekend and I will see you bright and early. I'll be streaming at 7 am on Monday morning and I hope you guys uh check out the twoe trial. So hopefully I'll see you uh many of you uh in the morning. All right, so with that, let me remind you as always that trading is risky and my results aren't typical. So manage your risk, take it slow, and I'll see you on Monday morning.