Title: $11,734.61 in 2hrs of Day Trading
Views: 34104
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=8h9Qk9W-9ik
======================================================================

[Music] What's up everyone? All right, so here we are Monday morning and I'm locking up a green day. In fact, we have a stock right now that's up over 385% on the day. That is phenomenal. But guess what? I didn't trade it. So here was the problem. By the time I got over to my office this morning, well, first of all, let me give you some context. It was snowing o over the weekend. We got a ton of snow in New England. So yesterday all day long I was out with a snowblower trying to keep up with the snow so you know I wouldn't all of a sudden have to snow snowb blow 2 ft of snow. So I did my fourth and final snowb blow uh last night at it was like around 7:00 and I sucked up the doormat into the snowblower. So that was a very unfortunate turn of events. I broke the the shearing bolt inside the spinner. So then I was trying to figure out how to fix it. Anyways, stayed up a little later than I should have and ended up getting to bed. Woke up this morning, was pretty exhausted. I checked the scanner and saw BNAI did make a big move pre-market around 4:00 a.m. kind of just as I suspected and that we now had a stock BTL which was already up over 200%. So, I put on my jacket and snow boots and hustled over here to my office because it's across the driveway. And I came up here. I sat down. I got everything booted up. And then I said, "Where's my glasses?" Couldn't find my glasses. I wasn't wearing them. They're not around my desk. I didn't I couldn't find my glasses. So, I'm sitting here. I'm looking at BATL and I'm like, gosh, it looks good. It looks good. And I've done this before. Trade without my glasses. It's not usually a great idea. It's not the worst idea in the world, but it's not a great idea. So, I'm like, "All right, I'm going to run over to the house real quick, grab my glasses, and come right back." This was at 7 6:58 in the A.M. So, I run over, I grab my glasses, I get back, and I hear ding, ding, ding, ding, ding. And it's already starting to squeeze right here. It's a little bit past 7 now. And it squeezed from $5 up to a high of 650. And this is the spot that I was watching for a possible trade right here. Uh right at 7 a.m. And I just I so annoyed with myself. I don't know. I don't even know where I usually have one pair of glasses I always leave in my office. And now I don't even know where they are because I'm wearing my I'm wearing my house glasses and I'm wearing them in the office. This is Everything's upside down today. So, uh I thought this was going to be the summer of George and it's not. Everything's falling apart. So, we've got anyways this early squeeze here um from five, you know, up to 550 up to six and up to 650 and I missed the whole thing. So, I felt a little frustrated. Um, at the same time, I was a little surprised that this worked out as well as it did because it was already up uh from a little bit of an after hours Friday pop and then a big move pre-market, but it already had almost 50 million shares of volume uh right here coming into 7 a.m. And so when I was looking at the level two, I was a little thrown off by um the presence of big sellers and it being pretty thickly traded. So, you know, that kind of had me hesitating already. So, you know, it's possible that I would have sat down here and actually had my glasses and been able to trade it and still wouldn't have done well on it. I don't know. It's hard to say for sure. But in any case, um, it squeezes up right here. I miss it. So, then I'm watching the first pullback, but at that point, I was kind of like, you know, some big sellers came in. We had a little false breakout on the one minute chart right up there. So, if I make this full screen here, little false breakout right there, then it comes lower, another little false breakout there, kind of tries to push higher, sells off, and then the MACD goes negative. And I thought, you know what, MACD is negative. I don't think this is going to happen. And it ends up, it does go to a new high, but I don't trade it because the MACD was negative. And it immediately rejected that level and flushed down. I saw a couple people say, "Well, that's it for me. Big loss." And so I was glad that I was paying attention to the MACD and it kept me out of that trade, the declining volume here. So anyways, this ends up going sideways and then coming into the open, it kind of started rallying up again here and rallying up again here, but I had this uh resistance line drawn from pre-market early, which I was worried was going to be an issue right here, resistance, ascending resistance. And then of course we would have this, you know, potential double top area. Whether it's, you know, 680 or 660, I wasn't exactly sure, but that kind of area. So, I didn't take any trades on this one. So, this stock ended up going up 385% and I didn't take a single trade on it. And that was 7 a.m. 7:30. What am I doing? I'm sitting, I'm watching, I'm waiting for breaking news. And we've got nothing. We've got we've got nothing that that was interesting. So, if I roll back on the scanners here, um, back to, you know, so 7 am, by the way, we had OCG pop up. And what did I say about OCG yesterday in the watch list? I said, it's a Chinese stock. It's hard to trust. Yes, they've done reverse splits, but I don't think I could trust it. It pops up to 320, comes all the way back down. But there was no news to back it up. Had there been news, I would have been more interested, but there was no news, so no trades. um than BATL. GXAI hits the scanner. This one's a little cheaper. And I looked at it and just thought, you know, I don't know. And I didn't see any news on that one either. So, I just said, "No, I don't think so." So, that was 738. So, then uh 8:00 a.m. or 8:15, we get EVTV that hits the scanner and it kind of pops quickly from 180 up to three. I pull up the level two. It's very thickly traded. big sellers stacked up. So I was like, man, that one's no good either. Yikes. All right. So then we come to 8:30, bottom of the hour, and yellow, Chinese stock, QCLS, no volume. So it's like, nope, we got nothing. So then all of a sudden, we're coming up here to 9:00 a.m. and I haven't taken a single trade. We have NAMM hitting the scanners, and I was like, well, you know, normally I wouldn't consider it, but I'm starting to get a little desperate here. It's coming to the end of my window and I haven't gotten a trade yet. So, I thought, should I trade this one here? And I said, "No, I just leave it alone. There's no fresh news on it." So, I left that one alone. And I pretty much was content that this was going to be a no trade day. And someone in the chat said, "Ross, you know, your discipline is impeccable. It's unbelievable." And I said, "You know, you're right. It is." And I gave myself a pat on the back. I was feeling down about having not taken a single trade here on a Monday. And then I said, "No, this is good. This is good. Um, you know, I I'm exercising discipline. You're right. You're right." And then they said, "And your beard looks great today." And I said, "Well, god damn it, you're right about that, too." And so, uh, you know, then I said, "You know, do you want a job?" Because, you know, I could hire a personal assistant just to compliment me all day long and that could really boost, you know, my self-esteem. So anyways, um they're starting tomorrow and um you're going to you're going to hear more of these positive affirmations. But in any event, so so going back to 9:00 a.m. um so all of a sudden then at 9:00 a.m. I'm content that it's going to be a no trade day. Um I'm just like whatever, it's not happening today. Kind of a bummer. Surprised. um and kicking myself a little bit, you know, over the snowblower incident and um you know, having then missed this opportunity. And then all of a sudden at 9:00 a.m., boom, we get news on NVE. Breaking news headline, it pops up. And the second this thing pops up, I'm like, you know, ding, ding, ding. News check. US company check. Float sub 1 million check. Somewhat recent reverse split. Yeah, back here not too long ago. Lots of room to the 200. Check, check, check. And it's squeezing. So, it first hit the scanner. You could see right here, it first hit the scanner at about 290. That was a picture perfect micro pullback. The only problem is, you know, the the volume was pretty light, but it goes from three up to 350, up to 4, up to 450, up to 480, micro pullback up to five, micro pullback up to 550, up to 560, micro pullback, pops back to 550. Some sellers stack up at the at the half dollar. More sellers at the half dollar. More sellers holding it back at the half dollar. It was not able to get back above 550. And then it flushes down here to 440, bounces back up, pulls back. I do a dip trade down here uh right under 380. That was a nice little dip trade. But at this point, I was trading the backside of the move and I just said, "All right, well, I guess I guess it's just not happening." And so this is one of those stocks where on the one hand, it feels like the company let it squeeze, but then on the other hand, people were ready to sell pretty quickly. Was it insiders? I don't know, you know, was it the company themselves? Was it short sellers? You know, it to me when you've got a stock that pops up and within two minutes you have big 25 30,000 share sellers, you know, stacked on the offer, that makes me feel like they knew the news was coming. They were ready to sell. Now, I could be wrong, you know, but that's that's what I worry about. So, if we pull up BAM SEC here, um, NVE. So, this is a stock. We could just check the financials on it real quick. Um, so back go back here to the financials. Oh my gosh, who chose this font size? They they make they're like, you don't need to read this. You don't need to read this. Look at how tiny this is. I'm at 100%, but I can barely read it. All right. So, you zoom in. Even at 200%, it's still kind of hard. All right. So, um, all right. So, just looking at the the cash they have. So, cash on the balance sheet. This was as of September 30th. Um, so they've got cash, they've got restricted cash, they've got accounts receivable, they've got inventories, deferred costs, and other current assets. So, total $9 million in assets, but um, a little less than a million dollars uh, there of cash. And then their liabilities, accounts payable, acred expenses. Okay. Um, that's a big one. Operating lease liabilities. Okay. Um, so all right. So then there's that. And then this is going to be their uh their profit loss. So total revenue uh 1.5, total expenses 6.7 million. So a loss of $5 million. So now basically immediately there's a question of how are they going to continue running the company with only a million dollars if they're losing that much money. And this is just in a three-month period. Losing $5 million every three months. They're losing 20 million a year based on you know what we're seeing here. The nine months that ended they were down 25 million. So now you kind of think, okay, and this is all I mean, you wouldn't be able to do all of this research and it wouldn't be necessary to do it all necessarily in real time because when the stock starts squeezing up and you're getting a micro pullback, we're trading the price action. But then when we start seeing all these sellers, we start to wonder, well, where is all that coming from? And then you see back here, um, well, so this was on the 21st. This is a perspectus, uh, for selling 42 million shares. So uh we've got the prospectus there and then this is the initial um registration of new securities. So yeah this is a company that is prepared to sell more shares on the market to raise money so they can continue funding their operations. Now, I mean, look, at the end of the day, that's what a lot of publicly traded companies do that are small cap stocks, but what they've done here essentially is they allowed their stock to go from up over 100% in one day to down 10% on the day by selling so heavily into the current market into the current um you know, the current market I guess uh current trading volatility. So when we had a stock like GameStop for instance, when they were selling shares, they sold something like 45 million shares and they raised almost $4 billion. But when they were selling, they were selling about 15% um of the total volume of the day. So if you had 100 million shares of volume, they were selling 15 million shares of volume a day. Um and you know, that was still pressure on the stock. you could see the pressure and when they stopped selling you could see that the selling stopped. So, you know, this is a stock right now that as of this moment has 17 million shares of volume and I would argue there's no way that the selling has represented only 15%. It's been predominantly selling. It's been a lot of selling coming back down. Now, you could also argue, and this is interesting, um you could also pull up a different company, um you know, BATL, just for the sake of argument. So, BATL, this is a stock that, um, you know, has obviously made this big move. So, let's see. They don't have any, you know, super recent headlines here. Um, they they withdrew a um an offering, uh, a shelf registration. But if we just look at this stock for instance, um so operating revenue uh right here in thousands, so $43 million. Um operating expenses 42 million. So they made like 800 grand um in that three-month period. So they are, you know, making some money here. But this is also such an, you know, this is an energy sector. So it's a it's a little bit unusual. um you know the the amount of um capex on these companies is usually pretty high but in any event um you can have stocks where and you can have companies where uh they have a shelf registration and I don't know BNAI we could check that one um and the price keeps going higher and so that seems to defy logic a little bit when you do have a shelf registration and the price keeps going higher whether it's an S3 or they've got perspectus. And so, you know, this one ended up going all the way up to a high of over $80 a share. Now, it's coming back down. But, you know, the challenge with overthinking these stocks from a fundamental perspective is that they can remain irrational and the stock can have a shelf registration, but the company's not selling it on it yet. The underwriters aren't selling on it yet. Maybe they're trying to organize a private placement. We we don't know. But for whatever reason, the company's letting the stock continue to run. And the more in a way they let it run, and the more volume it comes into it, ultimately the more shares they'll be able to sell when they ultimately decide to sell. U when a company, you know, puts the brakes on when it's up only 100%. Then the all of a sudden it stops at 100%. And then the stock does not become the leading gainer in the market. It doesn't attract more interest. it doesn't get more volume and then they're kind of shooting themselves in the foot with how much they can ultimately sell on the open market. So there's this interesting kind of relationship with um the the goals of a company, you know, which on the one hand is to provide value for shareholders obviously uh but in some cases it's also to um strategically raise money at times when there's elevated volume and the stock can uh can handle it. GameStop raised $4 billion. That was a lot of money and if they hadn't sold those shares and raised that money, the stock would have gone a lot higher. They created selling which created you know additional supply which affected the supply demand relationship. So they stopped it from going higher by selling, but they made the decision to convert, you know, $4 billion essentially out of the stock price and put it on their balance sheet, which at that time for the company all of a sudden open the door for the company to do some pretty incredible things, which in the long run over the course of the next 15, 20 years may be that that was in the best decision for shareholders. Even though it diluted shareholders that were existing at that time, but you know, long big big picture, that still might have been the right decision. As of today, I don't think we could necessarily say that um that is the case exactly, but um you know, in any event, it is that's what happened. It's been like you know, over a year and the price has fallen another 50%. But whatever. So, uh all of that though is to say that when we have stocks that first start popping up and they're moving quickly, there's at least a short-term opportunity to capitalize on volatility. There could be shorts covering and the shorts are regardless of whether the stock has a shelf registration or not, they're getting squeezed. They have to cover. You know, a stock like BNI AI that in after hours goes from $24 to $68 a share. They could be, you know, planning dilution and the stock still goes higher because a short is getting squeezed and they've got a margin call. So, that's what I mean when I say that stocks can be completely irrational and even disconnected from their true fundamentals uh for a long period of time and those can create opportunities. If you get stubborn and you try to apply just fundamental logic, you will be forever um frustrated with the market for defying logic and reasoning. You know, these uh some of these investors out there that are contrarian investors like Michael Bur, you know, who's constantly shorting the market, shorting Nvidia, shorting, you know, real estate, whatever. Um you know, they they've got a strong bias, a strong belief, and they're backing it up with fundamentals. And yet um you know at times as you could see the market can be completely irrational to that um to those fundamentals and the stocks just trade higher and higher and higher. So you don't want to underestimate that. Um my job each day is to capitalize on volatility and at the same time manage my risk. So on NVE by the way so big reveal. So I traded it and uh and I'm green on it and you know what I'm grateful for it. There was some opportunity here. the stock went up over 100%. It could have gone higher. It stalled out, you know, for reasons that we'll never fully know, but I suspect are probably related to that shelf registration. And in any event, I got I got some profit on it. So, it's a good day. You know, we got the micro pullback, then dip and dip and dip, and it keeps going higher, and then a couple dips on the backside just to add a little icing on the cake. So, you know, it's not a huge start to the week. I'm bummed that I missed BATL, but I'm green and the most important thing I can do now is stay disciplined about locking up this profit and not overstaying my welcome. So, by the way, for those of you guys watching on YouTube, if you haven't already checked out a two-eek trial here at Warrior Trading, during the trial, you'll get access to this software right here. So, you can rearrange it as you'd like, change your charts around, change your scanners, open up different scanners, and that twoe trial is $20. It gives you access to the real-time market data for this platform. Uh, but during your trial, you'll also have access to my chat room and my live audio video broadcast and a selection of classes from our Warrior Pro curriculum. So, make sure you guys check that out. And for those of you guys who have been uh longtime um listeners, I hope you are subscribed to the channel. And if not, make sure you hit that subscribe button and I'll see you guys for the next upload bright and early tomorrow morning. All right, I will be streaming at 7 a.m. for Warrior Pro members. So, uh, you guys, I will see you tomorrow and YouTube, I'll see you, uh, for the recap tomorrow, afternoon, probably late morning, something like that. Okay, I'll see you guys tomorrow. Summer George.