Title: How to WIN at Day Trading as a BEGINNER (Step by Step Guide)
Views: 990453
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=d0wt45LbvWo
======================================================================

In today's episode, I'm going to walk you through how to win at day trading as a beginner. And I'm going to break it down into three simple steps that you can implement in your own trading and begin following today. This is going to help you jump-start your journey. Now, at the end of today's class, I'm also going to provide you with some recommended reading and some links to tools that you can use that will help you as you're learning how to trade. So, let's go ahead and jump right in. Now, we know without question that there are people out there who are consistently winning when it comes to trading. I am one of them, and I'll say I'm not going to sugarcoat things in this episode. I'm going to put it on the table as real as it is. Learning to trade is hard. When I turned $583 into $10 million, you want to know really what the hardest part of that whole challenge was? The very hardest part was learning how to consistently make just 10 cents a day. That sounds like nothing, and it is nothing. But until you're able to consistently make even just 10 cents a day, you will never thrive. But once you turn the corner and you're consistently making 10 cents a day, then you can scale up, and that's exactly what I did. I went from 10 cents to 20 cents to a dollar to $100, and so on and so forth. And next thing you know, I was averaging over $1,500 per trade. And I've now taken thousands of trades in my career. So, you have the benefit right now of being able to learn from someone who is third-party audited verified profitable, who actually knows what they're talking about and what works in today's market. What I'm going to do in this episode is I'm going to help you figure out what the pros are doing that is working for them. Once we can document what they're doing that's working, then that gives you sort of a a road map of where you want to get to. The question is, well, where are you right now? And I don't know the answer to that. You know, of course, better than I could. But I can tell you what the pros are doing that's working, and I can pull back the curtains and share with you what is working in my own trading. So, first of all, professional traders, the people who are doing this full-time, who who at least are making a good living as traders, they have a tremendous amount of general market knowledge that they've accumulated over the years. Now, some of it they may have accumulated before they even started trading just through, you know, maybe watching movies, reading some books, and things like that. But they have sort of just a peripheral level of knowledge of how the stock market works. This, of course, is specifically for traders in the stock market, but it's the same for traders who are trading futures, trading Forex pairs, or who are trading cryptocurrency. There's just a general level of market knowledge that you'll need to pick up. Now, this is fairly straightforward. This is mostly the easy stuff that we're going to talk about first. Second, they've got a great knowledge of the best tools and the best software. This is something that is easy to kind of discount as being like not that significant, but when I was getting started, and I can remember this, so I'm sure you may be in a similar position, I had no idea the right type of software to use as a trader. I didn't know what accounts I should use, I didn't know what I should use to find news. I mean, I I was completely lost. So, it's easy for us to take us being more seasoned traders to take for granted all of this general knowledge that we possess that beginner traders lack. So, you first need general market knowledge, and you need knowledge of the best tools and the best software. And then we get into the meat of really what separates the pros from the beginners. Pros have a rule-based system or a strategy that they follow in their trading every single day. By following that rule-based system or strategy, they have produced a proven track record that they can draw on. When I say draw on a track record, when you have a track record of consistency, you're able to look back on that when things are difficult, you're able to look back and say, "Wow, okay, I actually I know what I'm doing." And when things are not going well, you're able to look at that track record and compare it against times that were better. So, the data, that historical data, is a huge resource that experienced traders have. But you don't have historical data until you've been actively trading. So, as a beginner, you're coming in with nothing, and that makes it that much more difficult to get started. Now, in addition to a track record, what a lot of pro traders have is community support and peer support. They've built friendships over the years with other traders in this industry. They may be involved in trading communities like what we have at Warrior Trading. And so, they're not isolated. They're not trading alone. Trading is is very difficult in the sense that you have to deal with big emotional ranges. The ups from having a great day, but the downs from having a bad day. This is a a job where you can come in and you can work a regular, you know, full work week and walk away with less money than you had at the beginning of the week. It's not like that with really any other job, right? You have your flat hourly rate, you get paid no matter what, for the most part. But with trading, you can get rewarded big time when things are good, and you get a real big boost of confidence. But when things aren't going well and you have that drawdown, that can hurt your confidence, and then that can get you frustrated, get you angry, and then it can lead to impulsive trading, which is when you start to spiral. Now, pro traders know all of this, and they've learned to become highly disciplined. They also have the benefit of what I call educated intuition. After years and years of trading in the market, you just get a sense of how things are going to move. It's not really probably any different from another career where you have many years of experience. You just you do you develop this subtle sense of the way things are moving. Even if you're a truck driver, something you might think is simple, you you get a sense of how the vehicle's running, and you could probably figure out very quickly when something's not running quite right. But a beginner could be very hard to pick up on those subtle hints, but those subtle hints can be the difference a a huge difference when it's a very important moment, especially as a trader. So, for instance, when I saw GameStop starting to pull away in 2021, I already had at that point nearly a decade of experience under my belt. I knew what I was seeing, I knew what to do, and during that week alone, I made nearly a million dollars. That was an incredible week. It was the best week I've ever had as a trader. And I wouldn't have been able to capitalize on it in that way if I had been a beginner, because a beginner wouldn't have been able to pick up on those subtle cues, the very minute signals that are in the market. Because as traders, we are trading the financial markets, and what we are primarily using is technical analysis. Now, we're going to get into this more in a few minutes, and I'm going to show you some candlestick charts. But when I'm showing you candlestick charts, what you're going to realize is that these candlesticks create the universal language of the market. And once you learn to read this language, you will see the buy and sell signals plain as day right on the chart. I'm going to teach you how to spot those and how to use those as entry and exit indicators in just a moment. Okay. So, now let's talk about step one, how to acquire the general knowledge. So, when I'm talking about general knowledge, I'm talking about the general understanding of how the stock market works, the dynamics of the market, and the general understanding of tools, platforms, and things like that. So, I would first ask you, what is your learning style? Now, you're obviously watching a video right now, so on the left I have watching videos. You've got tons of videos, educational content on YouTube. There's movies on Netflix and and all of you know, tons of other places that you could watch that will teach you about the stock market. So, you could pick up a lot of information for free when it comes to general market knowledge. Now, if you're the type of person who likes reading, you could pick up a book, you could do some reading. I'll give you some recommended reading at the end of this episode. Um this is my book right here that I wrote, How to Day Trade the Plain Truth. So, for people that would prefer to read, you've got it in written form right here. Of course, you could listen to it on audiobook. And then you have learners who are hands-on. I'm a hands-on learner. I learn best by getting in there. I don't want to go through a you know, an instruction manual to start to build something. I just want to start putting the pieces together. That's my style. So, what works better for me is to actually open a trading account, and this is what I did when I was getting started, and just start kind of pressing the buttons and see what happens. Now, I will preface that it's very important that you open a simulated trading account. So, when you're pressing these buttons, you're not making losing real money at the very beginning of your learning curve when you know basically nothing about trading. Okay, so if you're a hands-on learner, then by all means, you can open up a platform, you can start trading. And I'm actually going to put a link, it'll be pinned to the top of the comments, and it'll be linked in the description, where you can do a two-week trial at Warrior Trading if you want, and you can start using our platform just to get a sense of what it's like. You can use the scanners, the charts, be in the community, and start to feel like, you know, really immerse yourself in in in this environment of being a trader. But again, it depends on your learning style for where you're at. So, step one is acquiring the general knowledge, and these are three different three different paths that you could choose. And you could do all three if that works just as well for you. But when it comes to general knowledge, this is something that I think can be learned more or less for free or for at a very minimal cost just through watching videos, reading books, and maybe doing some hands-on learning. Okay, so step two is either developing or adopting a system. I can promise you that every trader out there who has a consistent track record of profitability and success has a system, a set of rules, and strategy that they follow. That's what allows them to keep making money. So, if you want to win at day trading, you You a system that you're going to follow. All right, so what I'm going to do in this section of this class in this episode is I'm going to share with you the system that I follow and I'm going to share it with you high level so you get a good sense of the way I trade. Now, my strategy may be different from the strategy that you plan to trade, but really you have two choices when it comes to step two. You could develop your own system and strategy or you could adopt one that is proven profitable by somebody else. Now, if you try to develop your own the challenge that you'll have, which is the challenge I had, is that it'll take a significant amount of time to produce a track record of consistency. So, you're going to do a lot of paper trading, a lot of this and a lot of that, a lot of kind of testing different things out because, you know, you're you're just essentially trying to figure it out on your own. So, the benefit of adopting a strategy that someone else has proven profitable is that you can sort of hit the ground running with something that you already know works, right? The engine's already running, so you can kind of roll with it. Now, just because it works for someone else doesn't guarantee that it'll work for you and that's because of differences in risk tolerance, differences in aptitude, and perhaps differences in the tools that you might use and and things like that. So, that that's true, but I also think it makes a lot more sense to start with something that's already working and then if you need to make adjustments to it, you know, go from there. Because the fact is, clearly someone else has already proven that this strategy works for them. So, whether you take my strategy or you take a strategy from anyone else, that's fine. Just make sure that the person you're learning from is actually proven profitable. That's very important because there's a lot of people, unfortunately, on YouTube and, you know, TikTok and Instagram and the other places that kind of put out general market commentary and talk about strategies, but they're content creators. They're just getting paid by social media essentially from ads. They're not real traders. They don't actually make money trading. So, in order to know that who's qualified and credible from who's not, what I always look at is broker statements. So, if you're curious, you can see my broker statements on my website. They are verified and they have been audited. You can see the whole audit result if you'd like. Okay, so now let's talk about the strategy that I'm trading every single day. So, my strategy, first of all, we've got to choose the market that you're going to trade. So, for me personally, I'm trading the US market and I'm trading the stock market. I'm not trading uh Forex, I'm not trading futures, I'm not trading cryptocurrency. Not that you can't trade any of those or all of those, but my choice of market is to trade the US stock market and specifically, I focus on trading um equities. So, I'm trading stocks and I'm trading uh primarily small cap stocks. So, small caps. Now, the thing with small caps that I like is these are These are relatively small companies and when they have a news catalyst, they can make a big move. When you have a small company that all of a sudden has news of a partnership with like Amazon or Apple or something like that, the small company's value can quadruple overnight. We see huge moves in these small cap stocks. So, even traders with small accounts, which was me when I was getting started, can still do well. Now, if you're a trader with a small account and you're trying to trade stocks like ExxonMobil or Pfizer, Johnson & Johnson, or even Apple or Amazon outright, the stocks don't move that much on any given day, not in percentage terms. So, if you have a $1,000 account, just for instance, and you're trading a stock that only goes up or down 2% in one day, you're only up or down 20 bucks. And that's if you put your whole account into that trade. It's going to take you a long time to grow the account. In contrast, if you're trading a small cap stock and it goes from $2 to $4 in one day, that's the day where you could double your account. So, I gravitated towards those types of stocks when I was getting started due really to the parameters that were sort of set upon me based on the fact that I didn't have a lot of money, I had a small account, and I needed to try to make money relatively quickly, which did put me in a position of a little bit of desperation, which I wouldn't recommend because there really is no such thing in my experience as quick money or quick success in trading, but there's no question that more volatile stocks will produce bigger percentage returns and for traders that are looking for more growth, that's what you're going to want to focus on. So, the market is small cap. The time of day I used to trade from about 9:30 until 11:00 a.m. each day. And then what I noticed, and this started happening really during 2020, was uh prior to 2020, when a company would have news, they would put out news generally pre-market before the market opens at 9:30. So, they might put out a headline at 7:30, 8:00, 8:30, 9:00, whatever, but no one really traded pre-market. Everyone just waited until the market would open. In fact, a lot of brokers didn't even allow pre-market trading or if they did, you had to very specifically um change your time in force for an order in order for it to work pre-market. So, as a result, a lot of people didn't even know how to trade pre-market. And then in 2020, the market was going insane. We we had this 30% drop and then we had this huge rally and when we started to rally, if a stock had news, what we noticed happening was people started buying it just before the open because we knew like right at 9:30 when the market opened, all the traders were going to react to that breaking news. And suddenly we started seeing it like 9:28, people were buying. And it was like, "Whoa, what's happening? It's pre-market. The market's not even open." Then it was like 9:25, then it was 9:20, 9:15. So, people just started to get in a little earlier, a little earlier, a little earlier. So, as of right now, the window has moved earlier in the day. It used to be starting at 9:30, now it starts at 7:00 a.m. So, my window has begun a little earlier and it still goes to about 11:00 a.m. And the reason here is that before 7:00 a.m., even still, a lot of brokers do not allow trading. So, if they start allowed trading as early as 4:00 a.m., which is currently the when the pre-market session opens, we may see trading start even earlier, although I think realistically, even today, what we notice is that between the hours of 7:00 a.m. and 12:00 p.m., oops, 12:00 p.m., the volume sort of goes like this. So, the volume increases as more traders come into the market and then as we get kind of past 10:00 a.m., it starts to wane back down as people are like, "Ah, I've kind of made my money." So, if they start if they really let people start trading more actively as early as 4:00 a.m., I you know, you'd have European traders, but maybe the curve would move a little bit forward, but there's no doubt that it would still peak sort of right around the hours of 8:00 to to maybe 9:00 a.m. Okay, so nonetheless, the time of day right now that I'm focusing on trading my strategy is between the hours of approximately 7:00 a.m. and 11:00 a.m. And typically, what I find is that right at the top and the bottom of the hours, 7:00, 7:30, 8:00, 8:30, 9:00, 9:30, etc., is when companies put out their press releases. A lot of times they schedule these in advance, so they're just scheduled to get released top and bottom of the hour. They don't schedule it to go out at like 7:27, some odd They just do 7:30, 8:00, 8:30, 9:00. And so, as soon as that news comes out, this is what happens. That news catalyst is received by the market and if there are certain keywords in that news headline, high-frequency trading algorithms immediately initiate buy orders and instantaneously, the stock will start moving up. So, stocks don't move up without people pressing the buy button and they don't move down without people pressing the sell button. So, they're moving in response to the news, but the people who get the news first are those high-frequency trading algorithms. So, what we typically notice is that we'll have a news headline that comes out and let's just say it's at 7:00 a.m. and instantly, there's instantly a big green candle like that as the price starts to squeeze up. And that's when we know, okay, this is something that we got to start paying attention to. And from that point forward, I'm looking at the stock chart and I'm starting to get dialed in. So, we're going to talk more about this in just a second. So, let's jump onto the whiteboard or back onto the screen share. So, we've got uh number one for my strategy, the market. Number two, the time of day. Number three, we're going to talk about the amount of capital in the account. So, this is going to vary depending on where you're at. So, you could have as little as I mean, you could have as little as $100 with a Robinhood account or something like that, but let's just say $500 um sort of minimum starting point. And having more is only going to give you more buying power, which allows you to grow the account faster. A 10% return on a $50 account on a $500 account is 50, uh you know, 10% return on a $5,000 account is 500, you know, so on and so forth. So, if you add more money, then that same 10% return gives you obviously a bigger return in in how much profit you can make. But for most beginner traders, you want to start small. You want to manage your risk. You don't want to get in over your head because you will make mistakes as a beginner, just the way I did. That's part of your learning curve. It'll be part of your experience. So, it's better to have a small account early on, make those mistakes where the total cost, the total damage won't be as significant, won't hurt as much. Okay, so uh account size, amount of capital in the account, let's just say three $500 to start. And now, number four, you need to have a system of, um, selection. So, how are you going to choose what you're going to trade? Now, if you're trading cryptocurrencies, a lot of traders in that market are focusing on which cryptocurrency has the biggest percentage gain today, and you may see one that's up like 3,000% or something like that. Some of these really small altcoins. With currencies, you maybe do similarly with regular forex, looking at pairs throughout the biggest, uh, rate of change today. Same with the futures market, you'd look at Today we've got oil moving, we've got gold moving, natural gas, whatever it is. And with the stock market, I'm doing really the same thing. I'm looking for things that are moving. So, to help you better understand the philosophy behind this, on any given day in the stock market, we've got 10,000 stocks that you could choose from. How do you possibly select the one that's going to go up? It would feel like choosing a needle in the haystack. But here's the thing that's interesting. Out of all those stocks in the market, on any given day, I would say 98% of them are going to trade within this range of up 2% or down 2%. They're not moving. Most stocks on any given day, you know, they'll move up a little bit, they'll move down a little bit, but they're within a very narrow range. After all, the S&P 500 over the course of a typical year is returning 10% in a whole year. So, even broken down per month, you're only talking about two, two and a half percent a month. So, when you're talking about per day, we're getting very small moves in underlying assets, especially when you're looking at large cap stocks. So, if we said, well, let's just, as a starter, say that a stock has to be up at least 5%. What you're going to do is you're going to eliminate from 10,000 stocks each day, you're probably going to draw down to a list of about 50. Wow. So, this filter right here of just saying I need something up at least 5% is going to help you weed out 95% of stocks, 98% of stocks. Then, what we do from here is we say, all right, well, let's look at this list and let's sort it. Let's look at the top number one leading percentage gainer. Let's look at the number two leading percentage gainer, the number three, number four, and number five. And this is the same thing people do really in all markets. Like I said, whether it's cryptocurrency, it's forex, or it's futures, you're looking at the biggest movers. The reason we want to trade big movers is because this is where the attention is. Traders are very active. So, we're focusing on what's moving today, and on any given day, we're switching our focus to what's moving on that day. What's moving is it's almost a magnet for attention. People start focusing on it. Next thing you know, people are buying it, people are actively trading it. That's going to result in higher volume, better liquidity, which means you can move in and out with larger positions. And if you think about it, we, as retail traders, are the commodity for commission-free brokers. Commission-free brokers, they get paid not by us when we, you know, they don't There's no commission, right? There used to be commissions, there's no commissions. They get paid when we trade. Because every share that we trade, they get a kickback in the form of payment for order flow. And they get that kickback from the wholesalers. So, they're going to encourage you and all other retail traders, me included, to trade actively. So, what are they going to do? They're going to say, "Hey, look at the biggest percentage movers today. This is up, you know, 150%. This is up 300%, you know, etc." They're just going to be like helping you They're really drawing your attention even more onto this top list. And just like the top list of, you know, a Google search, it's the it's page one that people really look at, and it's the top two or three results that people really look at. It's the same It's the same mentality. That's just the way it is. So, what I'm going to pull up here for you in the background are, uh, the scanners that I'm using. So, these are the scanners that are actually searching the market in real time. And, uh, this right here is showing our top, uh, percentage gainers on the day. And the top one today is 50%. The next one down's 46%, next one's down 43%. We can look at the price of these stocks, we can look at the volume. 39 million shares, 66 million shares. These have a lot of volume. These are definitely the type of stocks that we want to look at. Now, I'm going to walk you through a little bit more of the detail of how I make a choice of whether or not I'm actually going to trade it, but this is the tool that I'm using to find these stocks in real time. So, again, pinned to the top of the comments, link in the description, you could, uh, click that link and you could check out a two-week trial using the software if you'd like. It's It's totally up to you. It's two weeks for 20 bucks. So, you could get free access to the market data as part of that. Uh, we include that. We also include, um, the scanners, the charts, the newsfeed, and you'll have access to a selection of my classes. Okay, so, now, if we jump back over here, when I'm going through the stock selection process, the first thing that I'm asking myself is, what is our biggest percentage gainer today? And let's start breaking down Uh, I'm going to pull up, uh, these scans again. So, let's break down, uh, BRFH. So, it's up 49%. The price is $1.54. It's got 39 million shares of volume. The float is 6.89 million shares. For those of you that have never heard the term float, float is the number of shares available to trade. It represents the supply for this stock. So, when a company does an initial public offering, they sell a fixed number of shares onto the market. And from that point forward, those are the number of shares available to trade. That's the supply level. Now, what's interesting about, uh, this particular stock is that it only has 6.89 million shares available to trade, and yet it's traded 39 million shares today. How could that possibly happen? It happens because people are actively buying and selling, buying and selling, buying and selling to each other. It's like hot potato. People are getting in, getting out, getting in, getting out, and that is called float rotation. So, let's just say, for instance, someone owned 3 million shares of this stock. On a typical day, when the stock maybe trades less than a million shares of volume, it would be hard for them to sell all 3 million shares in one day. There wouldn't be enough buyers for them to sell all those shares. But on a day like today, they could have sold all of those shares. And the reason this is important is because the stock is up 150%, and anyone who wanted to sell could have easily sold, and the stock didn't drop because they had enough buying volume to keep it up. So, the higher the ratio between the float and the volume today, generally, the bigger the imbalance between supply and demand, and therefore the bigger percentage gains. So, that's why this is up 50% right now. Now, there's something else interesting here, which is the relative volume, the relative volume on the daily. It shows as being 9,000. So, what is relative volume? Relative volume is the comparison of today's volume versus what is normal or average for this stock over the last 30 days. So, that means over the last 30 days, this stock trades on very light volume. Because today, with 39 million shares of volume, that is 9,000 times higher than normal. Wow. So, if a stock, for instance, trades on an average day with 1 million shares, then today, if it trades 1 million shares, its relative volume is one, because it's right at average. If its relative volume is 0.5, that means it's half of what's normal. And if its relative volume is two, that means it's double what's normal. So, if the relative volume is 9,000, that is huge. So, how does a stock go from having a couple hundred thousand shares of volume to having 39 million shares the next day? It's a news catalyst. So, as part of my stock selection process, So, number one, we're going to do number one, number two, number three, number four, and number five. Okay, so, number one, we're going to look for, um, price to be between two and 20. We're going to look for relative volume to be five times or higher. We're going to look for the percent change today to be 10% or higher at a minimum. We're going to look for a news catalyst. So, news catalyst, that means there's a reason the price is moving higher, and we're going to look for a float, which is the number shares to trade, of less than 20 million shares. And lower is better. But higher is going to be a problem because when you start to get higher, you have a higher level of supply, and it takes almost an unreasonable amount of demand to have that imbalance. So, see how the float on this is 6 million shares, and the volume is 39 million? That's a good imbalance. But if the float was 39 million shares, and the volume's 39, then you don't have that float rotation, so you likely wouldn't have had as big of a percentage move. So, you you want to see lower float with higher volume. Now, if you had 300 million shares, okay, but if we look at the highest volume today of any stock in the market, it's 67 million shares. So, really, it's not super realistic or very common to see 500, 600, 700 million shares of volume. And as a result, stocks that have floats that are 100, 200, 300 million shares rarely make big percentage moves. Maybe in In future that'll change, but that's the way it is right now. So, the reason that I've created these criteria is because these are all based on my personal historical data. So, let me show you this for a second. Okay, so these are my metrics and we're looking at $12.6 million in gross profit. Average winner is about $1,500, $1,400. Average losers $1,500. Accuracy 68%. But, let's scroll down here and look at price and volume. When we look at price and volume, you're going to see that I don't make a lot of money on stocks under $2 and I don't make as much on stocks over 20. I I make some money in GameStop and some of the others were added to this, but it's not as common. So, the area where I consistently do the best is when the stock is priced between 2 and 20. So, for that reason, my educated intuition, my proven track record tells me focus on stocks between 2 and 20. Now, next one, relative volume being five times. If we scroll down here, what we will see, oh, we got to go over to um I think it's instrument here. So, we're going to jump over to instrument. We're going to scroll down again. So, we're going to look at performance by instrument relative volume. All right. So, performance by instrument relative volume and notice right here that over $10.2 million of the profit was on stocks that had five times higher relative volume on the day I traded it. So, if I see a stock and it's got only one relative volume of one to 1.2, I now know I shouldn't touch it. If it has 1.5 to 1.99, I shouldn't touch it. Two to three, well, I can make maybe a little bit on it. Three to five, I can make a little bit on it. If it has more than five or it has like 9,000, that's the place I need to focus. So, this strategy and this stock selection um these criteria, this isn't just arbitrary. This is based on actual historical data of my own trading. Number three, percentage on the day. Let's scroll down here. Performance by instrument movement 10% $11.4 million. Okay? So, once again, boom, backed up by analytical data. Now, these two are not reported on the metrics that I'm showing you right here. They don't show the flow They should, but for some reason they don't. They don't show the float and they don't show the news catalyst. So, what I had to do was I had to manually track over a sear over a period of time all of my trades to see whether I did better if I had a news catalyst and where the float was under 20 million shares. Float being under 20 million, hands down, without question, definitely have to have it. The news catalyst, this one's a little bit more objective because or subjective because here's the thing with the news catalyst. Um For instance, GameStop. Did GameStop have a clear news catalyst? It had momentum. It had a catalyst. But, it wasn't exactly news, not exactly. And so, I have found that there are times where because of sector-wide strength, because of sentiment in the market, that there can be great opportunities, but there's not necessarily a specific news catalyst. So, as long as all of the other criteria are met, I'm going to trade it. And the news catalyst, I would recommend for most beginner traders because it'll help you stay out of maybe trades that aren't going to go as well. Just to sort of like make sure there's a reason it's going up. But, the fact is, if the price is right, if you've got the relative volume, if you're up at least 10%, if you've got the right float combination, and maybe as a bonus, um we'll put this down here, is most obvious today. If it's also the most obvious today, meaning it's the number one leading gapper on your scans, then that's really reaffirming that this is the one that you need to focus on, right? So, now this one just took its place, BAC. So, all of a sudden later in the afternoon, this thing squeezes up. Now, what we might look at on this is what's driving this higher. And as I'm looking at the newsfeed right here, the last news headline was from yesterday. So, it actually does not have fresh news today, which means what's driving this move is at least initially not clear. I mean, you never know. It could have been could be like Jim Cramer or one of these people mentioned it on the news and all of a sudden people are buying it. And that's fine, but how long is that going to sustain the move of what's now 82%? Right? I'm not sure. But, this is actually a good example of something that we were just talking about. The float is 1 million shares. The volume right now is 485,000 shares. So, it's not quite a full float rotation of one, but it's getting close. The relative volume is three. You know, 3.35. So, reg it it's average volume is pretty low in these last few days. But, what we know about this is that it won't take a lot of volume for us to see a fairly significant imbalance between supply and demand and for the relative volume to increase fairly quickly up to 7, 8, 9, 10 and higher. So, this could be the type of stock to keep an eye on and right now, it's obvious because it's the number one leading percentage gainer in the entire market. So, does it meet this? Yes. Yes. Yes. No. Yes and yes. So, this would be worth watching. Okay. So, this is going to give you This helps you I I hope get a really good sense of um the stock selection process. All right. So, now we have to talk about risk management. How are we going to manage risk? We know that trading is risky. We know that anytime you take a position, you have the risk of losing money. So, in order to manage the downside risk, we need to implement several strategies. Then we're going to talk about where to buy and where to sell. But, I don't want to talk about where to buy and get you too excited yet until we first talked about how to manage that risk. So, you're no doubt managing risk by having a relatively small account. If you have $500, $1,000 in your account, you're definitely capping your risk because you can only lose so much. Your account's relatively small. But, when you're looking at a trade, what I always say is that a trade should have the potential to double whatever you're risking. But, that means at the beginning of the trade, you have to determine how much you're willing to risk. Now, unlike maybe other areas in life, when it comes to trading, let's just say you put the full $500 into a position, you could say I'm risking 500. But, that's not really true because you're only risking 500 if you're going to hold until it goes to zero, which would be a terrible thing to do because it would mean that when it was down 20%, 30%, 40%, you just decide to keep holding even though obviously you were totally wrong on the trade. So, what if we set a stop, let's say of more like $50? So, I'm going to put a $500 position into this, but if it goes down and I'm down $50, I'll sell and I'll take a loss. That's called implementing a stop loss. So, that's what I would recommend is is setting some type of stop loss before you take the trade based on the dollar amount of how much you're willing to risk. So, if you're willing to risk $50, that's fine. We're then going to look at the chart and we're going to help understand based on nearby support, how many shares can you buy with only $50 of risk? Okay. So, based on $50 of risk, your profit target should always be double. So, if you're going to risk 50, you should have the potential to make 100. If you're going to risk 100, you should have the potential to make 200. And here's the really cool thing. If you can maintain a two to one profit to loss ratio, what do you think your break-even point would be? Your break-even point with a two to one profit loss ratio, so the five um and then number five, we're going to talk about risk management and we're just going to write profit loss ratio two to one or better and accuracy 50% or better. So, if you had a profit loss ratio of two to one, 33% would be your break-even point. That would be break-even, just 33% time. If you had a one to one ratio, 50% is your break-even. And if you have a two to one ratio, sorry, a one to two ratio, where your winners are half the size of your losers, you would need to be right 66% of time to break even. That's not realistic for beginner traders. After all, you just saw in my metrics that my accuracy is 68% and I've been doing this for more than a decade. So, you can be very successful at 68%, but only if you've got a good profit loss ratio. So, if you're struggling as a beginner with profit loss ratios or you're struggling with consistency, then this is what I would say. I look at trading in three core components. You've got your um accuracy, your profit to loss ratio and your consistency. Um we'll just draw a little picture of a calendar here. It's just going to be faster. All right. So, consistency is the number of weeks you're green in a month, right? So, over the last few months, how many weeks were green, how many were red. Accuracy is the percentage of all your trades that are winners and your profit loss ratio is the ratio between your average winners and your average losers. What a lot of beginner traders struggle with is low accuracy, a terrible negative profit loss ratio where the average losers are bigger than the average winners and of course the result is that they're losing money. So, when you're in this a situation and we're talking about risk here, what I focus on, I always tell people, is accuracy. Focus on accuracy, which means do not take trades that don't give you a two-to-one profit loss potential, do not take trades that don't meet all five criteria for stock selection, don't take trades that are outside the time of day that you typically trade, that are outside the market you typically trade, right? As long as you're following all of these rules, then you're going to be focusing on what I would call an A+ quality setup, A quality setup. But, a lot of beginner traders, maybe through boredom, feeling like they need to trade every single day, if there's nothing that's A quality, well, they just sort of say, "Well, I'll just trade whatever's here. If it's a B quality, I'll trade it. If it's a C quality, I'll trade it." But, let's just say for instance that on A quality setups, let's say your accuracy is 65%. On B quality setups, let's say it's 60%, and on C quality setups, let's say it's 50%. So, unfortunately, the more you lower your standards, the more you're going to introduce losses. And occasionally, some of those losses could be big. And then, that's hurting your profit loss ratio, which in one day, one big red day can hurt your consistency and your accuracy. So, start number here, start right here, number one, focusing on A quality setups. By focusing on A quality setups, your profit loss ratio will improve. It'll improve because you're exposing yourself to fewer losses, and those losses are going to be more measured. With an improvement in profit loss ratio, consistency is going to improve. And then, what happens right here, is you start to develop what's called a positive feedback loop, which creates self-confidence. And that's what's going to encourage you to increase your share size, to start to scale up, to be more aggressive, and that's where you're going to start increasing profits. Profits are getting bigger. But, if you're not careful, the exact opposite can happen. You can go on a negative spiral, where your profit loss ratio declines, your your accuracy declines, your profit loss ratio declines, your consistency declines, and now you start going on a downward spiral, where losses are getting bigger and bigger, you're losing your confidence, and for some people, they can blow out their accounts. So, it's very important to cultivate a mindset that creates and and supports you trading at your best. And that means focusing first and foremost on high-quality setups. Okay, so, you're looking at high-quality setups, and whenever you're thinking about trading, you're thinking about a profit loss ratio of two-to-one. So, you're going to risk a dollar to make $2. As long as you're right 50% of time, well, as long as you're right uh 33% of time, you're break even. If you're right 50% of time, you're going to be making money, you're going to be doing just fine. Okay, so now let's talk about where to buy and where to sell. Now, I'm going to pull up um another slide deck here. Uh this is actually um a slide for my Warrior Pro curriculum. This has over 1,600 slides in it, but we'll just start here. This is a candlestick chart. And candlestick charts are the most popular type of chart that active traders use. They Each candlestick communicates four pieces of information. A candlestick communicates the open, the close, the high, and the low. So, if I draw a candle very quickly here, this candle, this is the open. This is the close. That's the high, and that down there is the low. A red candle, the only difference is that the open is here, and the close is at the bottom. This is still the low, and this is still the high. So, this is a candlestick. And a candlestick can uh it it is basically reflecting all of the price action that occurs within a period of time. So, if this is a one-minute candle, this encompasses all of the price action that occurred within one minute. If it's a daily candle, it's encompassing all the price action that occurred within one day. It's a five-minute candle, it's a five-minute five minutes of price action. What's interesting is that the shape of the candle communicates market sentiment. And multiple candles together create what we have come to learn as recognizable patterns that tell us whether we should buy or whether we should sell. This is part of the universal language that you're going to be learning. So, and and some of this is part of the general market knowledge of understanding candlesticks, and some of it is really focused on the nuance of your strategy. Okay, so, I'm going to do a little animation here. We have a a stock where the price has just started to move up. And let's just say, for the sake of argument, that this this meets all of our criteria for being the right type of stock to trade based on the price, the flow, the number of share the the relative volume, how much it's up today, and a news catalyst. So, initially, the news came out, and the price starts to squeeze up. It pushes a little higher, it goes even higher, and then it starts to dip. It pulls back. Now, at this point right here, a lot of beginner traders would think, "Oh, it's going down. I shouldn't touch it, right? It's weak, it's going down. I guess it's all over." But, what a more seasoned trader would look for is what's called a pattern in the volume. So, what we would look at on something like this is that on the candles that are moving up like this, we would want to see that the volume bars are increasing, which means more people are buying as it moves up. And then, when we get this candle of pullback right up here, we get a little pullback, a little more pullback, we would want to see light volume on the selling. This indicates an imbalance between the buyers and the sellers, where there are more buyers than there are sellers. When this is the case, then I always look for the first candle to make a new high. When that first candle makes a new high, what we're looking for is a reversal of the trend. So, the trend is moving up, the trend is moving down, and now we're looking for the first candle to make a new high right here. And as that candle makes a new high, we look for that surge back through the high of day. This is one of my favorite patterns as a trader, because what I love about this uh particular pattern is that my max loss is always the low of the pullback right here. And my entry is always the first candle to make a new high. First candle to make a new high. So, let's just say this is my entry right here, and that's my max loss, and let's just say the difference is six uh 10 and $6. That means I'm risking 10 cents per share. So, if I'm risking 10 cents per share, how much do I need to make in order to justify my profit loss ratio of two-to-one? 20 cents. Okay? So, now I look at the chart and I ask myself, is this first target 20 cents away? If it is, then I'll definitely take the trade, and I'll hope that we extend even higher. But, even if we don't, I could still take profit right here, and have a nice two-to-one profit to loss ratio. Now, as long as the stock truly meets all of our criteria for being worth trading, most likely what's going to happen on this first pullback is that traders are going to buy it. The stock has news, it has a reason to be moving higher, and people are excited about it. Here's an example of this pattern. So, either price that moves up right here, surges higher on the first pullback, pulls back, second pullback right here, first candle makes a new high, and then off it goes. Let's look at another example. First move up, pull back, moves higher, pull back, moves higher yet again. First and second pullback. Moves up, moves up, pulls back, moves higher, pulls back, moves higher. First and second pullback. Pull back, pull back, little dip, little dip, pushes a little higher. This is the pattern that I trade again and again. I mean, this chart's from 2017, this one's from 2020. This one's from 2020. There's charts here from I mean, this is These are years and years of me trading the same exact pattern. And I could pull up examples of this today. We continue to see this pattern, and it's because this is a universal language of the market. That's what it is. It's the universal language. Buying the first and second pullback right here. Traders see that the price is moving higher. They're excited about it. They want to buy it. They want to get in, they want to ride the momentum higher. So, the place to buy for my strategy, I have a number of different setups that I trade. I have dozens of setups that I trade. I'd be happy to teach you all of them, but just for the sake of keeping this class concise, but hopefully also comprehensive for you. I focus one of my favorite strategies on buying the first pullback, because it's easy to find that setup, and it gives generally good resolution. My accuracy on it is strong. Okay, so, that's the place to buy. Now, where do I sell? Where do I take profit? So, when I first get into a trade, my set of rules says that when I first get in, there's a few things I want to see. Number one, I want to see the price move up, and I'd prefer to see it move up at least 10 cents within the first minute of getting in. Because then, I can set my stop at break even. I can move my stop from $6 up to 610 at my entry price, and I've now reduced my risk to zero. So, I want to see the price move up 10 cents. I want to see volume going up, volume increasing, more volume coming in. I do not I do not want to see big sellers. Now, when we're trading as active traders, we have access to something called level two market data. Level two market data shows us the depth of the market. And when we're looking at the depth of the market, we can actually see if there's a really large seller. So, this is showing the number of shares that are for sale at these different prices. This one's 20, this one's two, one, one, one, four. None of these are particularly big sellers, so not really worried about that. Uh we could pull up uh BAC K, this one that's up now 87%. It doesn't have a lot of sellers, but it does have more sellers at 65 than it has at 50, right? More sellers at 68. So, once you learn how to read the tape in this fashion, you're reading the level two, you're actually going to get a better sense of where the stock is going to go. So, I do not want to see big sellers. All right? So, once I get into a trade, I want to see the price move up 10%. I want to see volume increasing. I do not want to see big sellers. So, what are my exit indicators? My exit indicator is if the price does not keep moving up, if the volume declines, or if I do see a big seller. And this is standard exit indicator essentially for the rest of the trade. So, the price goes down like 10 cents, the volume is declining, or I see a big seller. If I see any of these things as this is moving higher, I jump right out. And it doesn't matter if I'm up 5 cents, if I'm down 5 cents, if I'm up 25 cents, if I'm up $5 a share. Once I see these exit indicators coming in, that's my cue to get out. Now, for what it's worth, I am simplifying this a little bit because if I'm in a trade and I really am up two or three dollars a share, I'm going to give it a little bit more room because I've got such a big profit cushion. Maybe I'll see volume decline a little bit, but the price is still okay and there's no big sellers. There So, there is some subtle variations to how I would implement this, but one of the things that I'm trying to convey for you is simplicity. And starting by keeping a simple set of rules is always easier, and then once you gain more experience, you could take the training wheels off, and you could start testing out, well, I see that, you know, volume is declined, but there's no big sellers and the price is, you know, still kind of moving up, so maybe this is one where I'm going to experiment with holding a little longer. But, you're not allowed to get comfortable experimenting and deviating from sort of the written rule until you've first proven consistency. So, one of the big questions that a lot of beginner traders have is when to stop trading each day. This is something that is very hard. So, what I'm going to tell you is I'm going to share with you the set of rules that I follow. You could choose not to follow them, but most likely you'll be giving back a lot more profit if you make that choice. So, um so, when to stop. Number one, uh max loss. So, we set a max loss on the day. Now, I usually set it at my daily profit target. So, if your daily profit target's $200, your max loss would also be 200. Now, certainly the goal is that you have more green days than you have red days because if you had the exact same number of green days and red days, you'd just be break even. But, you we want your accuracy more than 50%, so with max loss at the opposite of your daily goal negative, that would keep you um as long as your accuracy is high, still in the green. Number two, um let's see. So, after daily goal, giving back half. Half loss. So, if you give back half. Now, some people as a beginner, and this is not a bad idea, would stop trading as soon as they hit their daily goal. That's fine, but as a more seasoned trader, if you do that, then you're capping your profits on some of your best days. And statistically, those are the days that you should dig deep and trade longer until you give back profit. Now, you don't want to keep trading every day until you give back half of whatever you've made, but for me, if I ever give back half, I have to walk away then and there before I get emotionally activated because the feeling of losing too much of what I've already made can be really frustrating. That can trigger an emotional response. So, the most sort of intense area there is after hitting the daily goal giving back half, but certainly going um from daily goal to red, down to red would be devastating and absolutely have to walk away before you make it worse. Number four, more conservative would be um walk away uh 20% off highs. So, if you give back 20% off the top, walk away, right? So, if your daily goal's 200 and you give back 40 bucks, all right, hit the road, get out, come back tomorrow. You're still walking away with 160, that's still a pretty good day. Number five, if I feel angry. If I feel angry. If I'm starting to have sort of black and white thinking like, this never works. Uh you know, I I I'm I'm the worst trader ever. This is horrible, you know, if I start getting really extreme like that, it's time to walk away because what's happening is I'm starting to become emotionally activated. And when you become emotionally activated, you could start to become impulsive in the way you trade. A lot of this is coming from fear and from anger for a lot of traders, and I've been I've gone through all of that myself, and so I've begun to learn my triggers so I can walk away before I become fully emotionally hijacked. Emotionally hijacked is when the emotions take over and you're trading just from emotion, you're no longer following your rules, and that could be a very dangerous place. So, before I even get there, I need to know my triggers. So, if I cross this certain threshold, it's like, walk away right now before I make a mistake. So, and ultimately, this all comes back to building discipline as a trader. Having the discipline to trade just your market, just the right time of day, to know the amount of capital in your account, to manage your risk appropriately, to choose the right stocks every day, especially A-quality setups, to know where to buy, to know where to sell, to follow the rules about when to stop each day. So, how do we build discipline? Discipline is a muscle. It's a muscle that will get stronger the more you exercise it. So, the way to build discipline is to do things in your life that require discipline. If you're not disciplined in your life naturally, it's going to be hard to be disciplined in trading cuz the muscle is weak. So, whether it's disciplining yourself through exercise, it's disciplining yourself through a daily practice of meditation, it's disciplining yourself with food, whatever it is, you have to exercise discipline in other areas of your life so you can carry over to trading. So, personally, the things that I've used have been exercise and meditation, and those have worked really well for me. But, what I'll tell you is that sometimes when trading is going really well, I will get a little complacent. I'll be like, I don't need to, you know, do all that stuff right now. Trading's going great. And that's actually the time I needed the very most because that's when you let your guard down, and that's when you can end up having a big mistake. And I actually should show you. I mean, and I've been doing this trading full-time for more than a decade, um but but even still, um I am human, and let's just look at this overview here of my past um the 60 days. Now, we'll do 90 days. So, I ended up making about $100,000 in this little stretch here, about 140,000, and I was being really aggressive, but I was taking away some of the things I used to keep me disciplined. The market was hot, I was doing well, and then look at these two huge red days. I lost 30 grand in two days being way too aggressive and breaking my rules. So, I then had to do a big reset. I was like, whoa, okay, stop right here before this gets worse. I reset, and of course, I've been able to rebuild, which is great, but this could have been avoided if I had maintained my practice of discipline in other areas of my life, I would have been able to make a better decision. So, I really encourage you to think about that, but it's very important to focus on adopting um a strategy for building discipline. Okay, step number three for winning at day trading. You've got to practice trading. You've got to review your metrics. You have to put in the time. So, if you start practicing the strategy that I'm trading every single day, and you're you're of course welcome to. I'm I'm happy for you to do that, then you've got to just practice every single day in a simulator, export your trades, review your metrics. And then when you're reviewing your metrics, and let's just say for instance, let's look at my metrics here for um uh let's see. I'm going to show you a month here um 230. This This shows something interesting. So, when you look at your metrics, uh we'll get detailed, and we'll look at performance by uh well, we'll do we'll we'll we could do both of these. So, this performance by time of day tells a story. What does it tell? It says I lost money before 7:00 a.m., and I lost money after 1:00 p.m. in the afternoon. So, gosh, if I had just stuck with trading from 7:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. like my rules state, I would have done a lot better, right? The rules are there for a reason, you know, again, I I chose to trade outside of them. Let's look at Monday and Tuesday, this is more of an anomaly. I wouldn't think too much into that, but this is more significant. For this period, I did really well trading between two and and 10, and higher price and lower price, I lost money on. So, this is a short-term trend, and it was a short-term trend that Mondays and Tuesdays were bad. And that's something to pay attention to, right? If there's something here that's not working, you got to adjust it. So, then I said, all right, well, for the next um 30 days, I'm going to practice uh being more careful on uh anything that's higher priced. And let's look at how that's how that's uh paid off for me. Okay, so now we're going to look at just um this last range, and here you see much better performance. Still took a few lower priced, but only down 1,100, no big deal. Couple higher priced, okay, I took a couple, but managed the risk in a responsible way. This is where the profit is. So, then the day and the time, that's going to be better. Friday's been a little slow, but but nonetheless, um time, nah, kind of an anomaly here, but doing well between 7:00 and and 8:00, and being really disciplined to take the money off the table and not overstay my welcome. Now, these are just little periods of time, but what you have the benefit of being able to do when you're trading in the simulator is practice trading for a week, for 2 weeks. Pull all the data, look at the data, and then make some decisions. Let that data tell you what you need to do. And ultimately, you're going to get to a point where you're looking at what you're doing right now, and you're able to start to better evaluate, this is where I'm at, this is where the pros are at. Because ultimately, you have to identify the gap. And you have to outline the steps needed to bridge the gap. Even after following these three steps I've just shared with you today, if you follow my strategy and you're practicing in the simulator, you'll likely as a beginner trader still notice there's a gap between where you're at and where I'm at, or someone else who's been trading for a long time. And so, the question is, I mean, ultimately, if you were doing everything exactly the same as me, you'd make the same amount of money as me. So, you're doing some things differently. Maybe it's in how many shares you buy, which could be a measure of risk tolerance and account size, and that's fine. But maybe it's something more significant. You're not very good at getting out of losers, you're holding them too long. Or your entries are not very good, right? So, then we start to get dialed in. If you can outline the difference between what you're doing and what so the person you're sort of um you know, the road map of where you're trying to get to, then that outline becomes the steps you need to follow. It's like, I need to now focus on better entries, getting in a little earlier, buying more dips, avoiding this specific setup. And that ultimately is the process of continuing to work and strive to improve as a trader. So, like I said at the beginning of this episode, trading is hard, but the hardest part is the very beginning of becoming consistent. And then once you're consistent, yeah, it's like learning to ride a bike. Now you can ride. Now every day you can come in, you've got a consistent strategy you can depend on, but you've got to put in a lot of work up front just to get to that point. But once you get to that point, that's when it's exciting. The frustrating thing is that a lot of traders will give up before crossing that sort of threshold of becoming consistent. They could spend a year, 2 years, they could spend 5 years, and still not cross that threshold because they haven't been able to really connect the difference between what they're doing and what successful traders are doing. They haven't been able to identify the steps they need to take to improve and get better. They maybe haven't sought out mentorship, they haven't tried to get community feedback, they haven't fully immersed themselves in a community of traders. They're isolated. Whatever the reason is, they're not able to bridge the gap. My hope for you is that you're able to bridge the gap. Now, if you want to do a 2-week trial with Warrior Trading, there's a link pinned to the top of the comments, in the description. Come join us. You can trade side by side with me for 2 weeks. You can see what it's like. You You can start practicing. Get your feet wet. Now, if you want some recommended reading, we've got some recommended reading over here. So, I'm going to jump on the whiteboard here so you can see like this. Uh this is my book, How to Day Trade the Plain Truth. Uh this is a great book by Annie Duke, Thinking in Bets. And a second book that she wrote, The Power of Knowing When to Walk Away. You are I think you already know how important this is as a trader. Now, um if you're interested in learning more about technical analysis and candlestick chart specifically, the candlestick course by Steve Nison is uh something you'll like. You might be you I would encourage you to try to find a free cop uh well, a used copy because it's a little expensive if you buy it new. Um and in terms of helping cultivate a mindset of success, I would check out this book called The Happiness Advantage by Shawn Achor. I think this will help you a lot. If you enjoyed this episode, I hope you hit that thumbs up. I hope you subscribe to the channel, and stay tuned for more episodes about trading strategy just like this. And I'll remind you, as always, trading is risky. My results are not typical. So, manage your risk, take it slow, and I'll see you back here for the next episode real soon.