Title: Breaking News Sends Stock from $3.00 to $12.45 in 2hrs!
Views: 28541
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=w9byEpm5IQE
======================================================================

What's up everyone? All right, so in today's episode I'm going to break down my trades from the morning. I'm finishing the day here up $20,868.98. That's awesome. Two really solid green days in a row. Makes sense. Still got a few extra screws in here. So, I'm feeling grateful. This is a great way to finish the week. It's honestly turned around the month of March. Being up 37,000 yesterday plus 20,000 today, that's $57,000 in two days. That makes a difference on a month that has otherwise been very slow. These are my two biggest green days of the entire month. So, yeah, it makes a difference and we've only got, well, what is it? One or two days next week and then March is in the history books. Q1 is in the history books and we're going into the month of April. So, that's exciting. Um, but I suppose there's always a little bit of disappointment trading during a cold market in the sense that you feel like you're losing time. You want to be making up, you know, making more ground and producing more profits and, you know, days are going by, weeks are going by and it's like, "Ah, I'm not getting where I want to be." But meanwhile, of course, those of you that are trading, you know, day-to-day for income, the bills keep stacking up. They're not going away. They keep coming in each week and each month. So, when trading is lagging behind that, it creates this sense of pressure. And for some it can lead to desperation. Now, the problem with it going all the way to desperation is that it's going to degrade the quality in your performance in trading because all of a sudden you're looking for anything to trade just to hope that it can help you achieve this, you know, X goal that you've set for yourself for the month. So, I am a big advocate of diversifying your streams of income as much as you can. So, you're not 100% dependent on any one stream. It brings the pressure down. I know it's easier said than done, but something to certainly think about. So, if we jump on the screen share here today, we can start looking at these trades. ONCSO, this one's very interesting. Uh this is the first stock that I traded. It has just halted down twice in a row, once and twice. I even was looking at possibly a dip here cuz it seemed like the halt level was thinning out and then boom, it's halted. It resumes and instantly halts a second time going down. On the other hand, ARTL is halted going up right now. So, let's kind of take the temperature. This morning I traded what were the two leading gainers, ARTL, which is currently still up 168% and ONCSO, which peaked at probably around 100% but is coming back down thanks to those two halts. Both of them are sub 1 million share floats. Both of them have a lot of volume, 200 sorry, 24 million shares on ARTL, 41 million shares on ONCSO. So, very liquid. The relative volume on these on the daily chart is going to be a little lower on ARTL at 12.3, but ONCSO is at 5,000. The reason ARTL is lower is because you can see it had a couple high volume days back here, sold off and then it bounced. In fact, this was kind of the boy who cried wolf in the sense that this stock keeps popping up and letting us down. And so, a lot of us as soon as it popped up this morning were like, "No. I Nice try. Definitely not." Cuz look at this move right there. Look at this one right here. It keeps doing this. These are the little pops and not holding up very well. Now, if you go back far enough, you go back to the day back here where it did make a bigger move. Uh but that was, you know, week and a half ago. So, in any case, um the headline was withdrawing their registration. Um and they keep putting out this headline about GLP-1 um boom da da da da da. They've basically been kind of juicing the same headline. And anytime a company does that, expanding into 16.3 billion-dollar glaucoma market, all right. And then they had that headline, and then you go back down here. Oh, there it is again, glaucoma market. Um so, they they keep It's like they're just sort of I don't know. I I don't love it when I see a a company doing that um cuz I feel like they're just trying to get people to pay attention. You know, pay attention, pay attention. And um you know, it's just I don't know. So, in any case, um I was skeptical on ARTL, but it ended up working. But, let's go back to ONCSO cuz that was the first one I traded. And I actually started my day today by going in the red. That's right. The first trade of the day, I lost $2,400. And so, I'm grateful to have not only recovered that loss, but to be in the green today. So, AR uh sorry, ONCSO. I sat down this morning, and I saw ONCSO, and I thought it looked sort of similar to some of the uh moves we've been seeing where we've been getting these curling patterns. So, we start pop up, pull back, and then we curl back up. We had that set up at the open yesterday on EEIQ. EEIQ yesterday gave us a phenomenal move, and we did get that curl. We had a pre-market pop, and then sold off, and then a curl back up. So, ONCSO this morning looked kind of similar to that. Now, remember, traders are always looking for the next stock. So, if you have a stock that makes a big move, traders are asking themselves, "What What What's everything I can know about that stock so I can try to uh you know, repeat that success?" And so, you know, in this case, it was like, "All right." Uh or in the case yesterday, it was like, "Okay." It was a stock that popped up at 4:00 in the morning, had a sub-1 million share float, and then started to curl after the open, or at some point start to curl. So, this morning ONCS pops up at 4:00 a.m. From $3 up to 7:50 was the leading gainer. Sells off. That starts to curl. It looks very similar. And so traders start jumping on it. And I did the same. Now, I'll tell you that when it first start popping up at 7:00 a.m. I said, I don't think it's going to work because it's too early. These last moves have been a little bit later in the trading session. I I just don't think this one is going to work. Um and by the way, right now RTL is actually making a new high of day as it goes up to 991. Phenomenal. Two halts in a row going up. That's beautiful. All right, we'll come back to that in a minute. So, anyway, so ONCS at 7:00 a.m. I thought it was a little too early. I didn't think it was going to work. Um but sure enough this thing broke through five. So, it goes all the way up to 550. It dips down and I bought right here for the first one-minute candle. I'm sorry. Uh this is not a 10-second chart. Let me Let me pull up a pullback on 10 seconds. So, let's see. It was right uh it was right here. So, on this one um it's actually easier to see on the the live recording. Um basically the These are the recordings that I share um with Warrior Pro members. So, we go over um these trades after I record my recap um you know, for YouTube. I go and I uh break it all down here. So, um I'll just give you a sneak preview of what this looks like. So, you can see my eye tracker is turned on. So, you can watch my eye moving around and I was buying this little micro pullback right there. And so I jumped in it at um 5:25 and I was looking for that to squeeze pretty much immediately up to 5:35 5:45. It goes up to 35. It's a little heavy and I end up adding again up here watching the ask. My eye is pretty much pinned to the ask. And then it ends up uh squeezing up to a high of uh 50 here, but then it sort of softens and pulls back. It doesn't hold, and then well, you can see now, topping tail candle is coming in, and it ends up uh rejecting. So, that was disappointing. So, it rejects here, and I stop out, and I'm red 2,400 on that first trade. So, then it pulls back, it drops back down here. And then I switch to the 1-minute chart. I'm still watching it though, and I still thought it had potential. And so, on the 1-minute chart, it ends up um dipping down, and then suddenly right here, it just screams up from about 520 all the way to 580. And I ended up just getting in in the middle of this move right here, um looking for the high day break. So, basically got in in the middle of the move for the high day break. Squeezes up here, taking profit, adding back, taking profit. And um added back here, this was a break-even trade, it was a rejection. Added back here, this was also a small winner, even though it was a rejection. And um then I took one last trade on it going into the open right here, um and stopped out and with profit, thankfully, before it dropped back down. So, in total, I'm up $6,800 on ONCS. That's pretty solid. So, my first couple trades put me up about 4,500 on it, and then I was up 4,500 on the day when ARTL comes along. So, ARTL comes along, and they've got breaking news. Headline is that they've withdrawn their offering, or the they've um a registration withdrawal request. So, this is when they're withdrawing um their shelf registration, which generally traders perceive as um as bullish. So, seeking to withdraw the registration statement as it does not intend to pursue the contemplated offering of securities covered by the registration statement at this time. So, the company confirms no securities were issued or sold pursuant to the registration statement. Okay, so that is a bullish um headline. Uh because one of the things we worry about, and maybe the case with ONCSO, is a company selling shares. By the way, ONCSO has no news. So, that was also a little confusing, but clearly it was holding up. Well, it was. Now it's pulled back. So, then with ARTL with that headline, because it had already popped up, as I said, the boy who cried wolf so many times, I didn't I didn't think much of it. So, I was like, "No, I don't think this is even going to work." Da da da da. But, it ends up going up to 440, back, and then going up to 5, 540, 580. And this is finally where I was like, "Okay, you know, I Now at a certain point, I I need to pull the trigger." So, I took my first trade on it at about $6.34. So, we had this squeeze here up to 680, as you could see right here. It pulls back, we get a cur- a dip and a curl back up, a pullback, and then a break right here, and we squeeze through the high up to seven. Then we dip down, and we pop here all the way up to 860, which is amazing. Then we're just doing dip trades, but notice we started to run into a little bit of an issue up here around, you know, I I drew the line at 852, but it was really I was considering it really like the half dollar of 850. So, we would break, but we couldn't hold. So, we had resistance at 850. It pulls back, it comes back up, I get a trade here very much like ONCSO, that trade through the high of day, take some profit on the way to nine. It pulls back, and it's kind of Is it going to hold 850? It breaks below. Then it's back above 850. Then it's back below. So, it's struggling with this area, and now you could see it's really showing resistance at 850. So, it pulls back, it comes back up again, and I got a trade right here as it broke through that level up to 950. That was decent. Then it pulls back right here, comes back up, a little bit of resistance there, isn't able to pull away, dips down, tries again, can't do it. I started doing some dips off ascending support down here, popping up down here, popping up off the half dollar. Then it wasn't able to hold that level. Oops, it wasn't able to hold the half dollar and it sells off too much. And so at that point I was like, I think it's done. So, I did not expect it to squeeze and halt up here. I'm thrilled that it did, but I didn't expect that. And then the dip and rip on resumption into a second halt is very bullish. Didn't really expect that either. Now we're showing a resumption right now of $10.95. Here's a couple things worth noting. The stock is on short sale restriction right here, which means you can't short by hitting the bid. You can only short on an uptick. However, the stock is also on the threshold list right here, which means at least at Lightspeed and probably other brokers, they won't allow you to short it at all. So, this So, all of this is in fact surprising that it was so heavy at 8:50, that it was struggling so much there in spite of these kind of technical characteristics which seemed they would lend themselves to the stock really making a much bigger move. Uh but in any case, it was a bit heavy in the pre-market session. Now, when it comes to short interest, it has 25% short interest coming into today. That's not surprising because if we could look at the daily chart, you can see that it had popped up and then sold off for several days in a row. It seemed very weak. So, 25% short interest over here. The cost to borrow is up 420% over the last um 30 days. The utilization of shares is at 62% and so it has a relatively high short score of 79.97 out of 100. Um so, you know, and yet again, um it's it was heavy right here and it sort of stalled out. So, were there some people shorting it heavily? I don't know, you know, I I mean they were they couldn't short by hitting the bid, so they were just putting offers up on the ask, right? Because of the short sale restriction. Um so, you know, I'm not really sure at the end of the day um what was creating all that selling pressure. You know, I suppose if we looked into the filings, we could check on ARTL to see if they've had a history of um if they've sold shares uh to institutional traders over the years, but the float is so low, I wouldn't really think that there would be um a lot of shares out there that those institutions would be selling because those wouldn't be restricted shares. Those shares would be part of the um the the public float. Uh could there be warrants that have various strike prices? You know, there could be. It's It's a company that has been around for quite a long time. So, if there's warrants, then institutions that own those warrants could be selling shares on the open market. You know, you look at the daily chart and you see, okay, this is a company that's done reverse splits. They have sold off for a long time. So, you know, it it's possible that you have some insiders, well, I won't wouldn't say insiders, but institutional traders that have been holding warrants um that, you know, might want to exercise them. The stock's up 210%. So, the thing though that I suppose you might say is a little confusing is, you know, why would they be exercising those warrants today and, you know, why not on these days back here? Or or maybe they did, and that's why the stock sold off. We don't really know, but uh what we do know is that the halt uh right now is was at $9.91 and showing a resumption of $10.95, which is very bullish. That's great to see. Um it's got about a minute to resumption. Do I feel like I left some money on the table? Well, sure, but I'm walking away with some really serious profit in my pocket. $20,000 is great. This is a really nice way to finish the week. Um as I said before, the month overall has been slow. So, to be able to catch, um you know, green days yesterday and today like this definitely makes a big difference. Um and I was thinking to myself, you know, it's Friday. When do you walk away? Right now, I am walking away at my high of day. I didn't give back any profit after hitting 20,000. I broke 20,000 and that that's it. So, you know, when you walk away at high of day, there is a nice sense of confidence that comes with that. Like, good job, you know, I I captured every penny that I could um today or or I kept every penny in my pocket. And what I often say is you're doing one of two things each day. You're either leaving money on the table or giving back profit. And I may have left some money on the table today. Could I have done a dip and rip on the halt resumption? Perhaps. Um you know, but um while that is true, I think it's also important to be grateful for what you have and to be careful about not overstaying your welcome. So, third halt in a row would be 1172 and there it is, a third halt in a row. So, are we seeing some shorts that are getting squeezed out here? I would have to imagine that we are. Um this is a this is a very impressive move. It's now up 267%. So, and you know what's sort of interesting here, and this is a divergence, is that this biggest move of the day from $8 to $12 is actually on a lighter volume than this move back here. I mean, this was a pretty big move, too. But, um but like some of these candles here where we sort of stalled out were on heavier volume. So, that sometimes feels like a bit of a divergence when you have a stock that is trading that cleanly, but on lighter volume. Although, um you know, it's not not the first time we've seen that. The thing that's challenging, I think, for short sellers is that you like to see, from a reversal standpoint, a high volume rejection. So, a really high volume candle with a topping tail. That creates more certainty of, you know, okay, this thing is really turning around. Um, so, when you don't have that, it can make it a little trickier. Um, um, but in any case, so, let's see. So, we halted up at 11.72. We're showing a $12 resumption right now, but there's still, um, at least 5 minutes to a resumption, if it's a 5-minute long halt. The way I typically trade these, um, is after the first halt, I look for a quick dip and then a rip into a second halt. And after the third halt, I might take some profit. I sometimes will do a small dip and rip, but I try to be careful after, um, the the resumption from the first halt, because what can happen on these, and we will probably see it at some point, is it will resume and then instantly halt going down. And a halt going down is not ideal. We don't like to get those big halts going down, because the problem with the halt going down is that they resume lower. So, if it you see how it's halting going up at 11.72 and it's showing a higher resumption, that's great. But if it halts going down, it'll get have a lower resumption and then we're moving, um, clearly the wrong direction. So, now, if we take just a peek at my month here, um, sitting at 151,000 on the month before today. So, it'll be now 171,000, roughly, on the month. Uh, with this one red day here, this is again, um, net. To this day was red after my fees and commissions. So, if I flip to the net, you could see, um, let's see. So, for the month of March, I had 143,000 in net, and these two days are red. Um, but this week has absolutely been, um, the best week. And you know what? I'm I forgot about this day here, a $51,000 green day. So, that was actually the best day of the month. Well, anyways, these two days were my second um, and third best days of the month. And now we've got 2 days left next week. And then all of a sudden, March is in the history books. So, you know, when we look at um, the let's see, just the recent here, we'll do 90 days. Uh, this is this is year-to-date as you can see. Uh, but let's look at the count. Um, no, I want to look at the months. So, um, if isn't that funny? Look at that. February and March, um, just side by side right there. Well, of course that doesn't include today's gains um, and hopefully I'll have some profit on Monday and Tuesday. But, uh, January was phenomenal. Really solid month of January. February cooled off big time. Uh, March picking back up a little bit here towards the end. But, you know what is interesting is that I've taken um, three times the number of trades in March. So, I've taken a lot more trades in March than February. February, um, was cold and there were just very few good opportunities. So, if we do this just for this month here, you'll see um, 140 trades here, average 67% accuracy, $2,000 winners, $1,200 losers. That's a decent profit loss ratio, average daily gain 8,000. We flip back to last month and I've got um, a little bit of a different ratio here with $8,900 average winners cuz I had one huge trade on like February 3rd, but accuracy was low. Really low. And the average losers were also bigger. So, arguably um, arguably, March has been a much better month. Improved accuracy, yes, a reduction in the profit loss ratio, but three times the number of trades, just more consistent. And I mean, I do think that that is a good thing. Um we've got about 30 seconds to resumption here, and we'll see how this resumes, showing 12:40 right now. Uh and then if we look at January, January was just, you know, a real uh phenomenal month. And and the thing with trading, of course, is that you just never know. Um you can have, you know, good months and then slow months, and they can be back-to-back. So, here, 78% accuracy, $4,000 average winners there, $1,500 average losers. So, and 123 trades. So, that was really solid. All right, so I don't like the way this is resuming right here. Um you can already see, right? The what I The reason I said that was because the resumption price went from 12:40 down to 12, showing already sellers were filling in those sell orders, and then it resumes and people panic. And this is the problem with a halt going down is that suddenly you get this drop. This is educated intuition. It's not me just taking a guess, it's all of my years of trading knowing that typically, you get a good resumption on the first halt, sometimes you can go into a second and third halt. But, at a certain point, and it's often after three halts up, you start to expose yourself to the risk of a drop. Now, I will say, there have certainly been times where we've had that weakness where it drops, and then suddenly new buyers come in. And before it halts down at 10:80, those buyers come in, they buy it up, and it rips all the way back up to 12:50, and then it halts for a fourth time going up, and now shorts are really trapped because they just added even more size right up here, thinking they had confirmation for a halt down. So, uh you know, I I'm uh I'm going to be a little bit more conservative, you know, in my trading here today, I suppose. Uh just because I've already had a good week, we're coming into the weekend. And, you know, left a little money on the table there. But, psychologically, mentally, I feel like I'm finishing at high a day. I mean, I am in terms of my profit. And um and I didn't have that final trade that kind of was like, "Ah, darn it, I gave back a third of my morning." Now, look, if I ended up making another 20 grand on that move, and then giving back a third, and I'm still up, you know, 35,000 or 25,000, you know, whatever it might be, um I guess that's still a pretty pretty solid day, and it would be more than I have right now, but um but it's important to be able to know when to walk away. That's definitely a struggle for a lot of traders. So, uh if you're curious about learning more on that topic, um got a book here, um Thinking in Bets by Annie Duke. This is one um that's well worth listening to on audiotape. And then this one right here, um The Power of Knowing When to Walk Away, Quit by Annie Duke as well. So, those are books I would encourage you guys to check out. And uh with that, I will be back at it first thing on Monday morning. So, those of you guys tuning in on YouTube, I hope you're subscribed to channel. If you enjoy these episodes, I hope you hit the thumbs up. And if you want to check out a 2-week trial, let's get April off to a phenomenal start. The market seems to be heating up, so might be a good time to take advantage of the trial. The link will be posted in the description and pinned to the top of the comments. If you start the trial over the weekend, don't worry, you'll have access to a selection of classes, so you you have hours of content that you can start studying, so you can hit the ground Monday morning, you know, already with a bit up to speed. Okay, so with that, let me remind you as always that trading is risky, and my results aren't typical. So, manage your risk, take it slow, and I'll see you guys back here bright bright early on Monday morning.