Title: Day Trading Watch List for MONDAY!
Views: 28056
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=BNU-Xe9D59Y
======================================================================

What's up everyone? All right, so in today's episode, I'm going to give you my watch list for Monday morning and the game plan for the week ahead. Now, for those of you guys who have been tuning in for quite some time, in case you didn't already know this, we offer a twoeek trial, which means if you begin the trial tonight or tomorrow, you can watch over my shoulder and listen to my broadcast for the next two weeks. And during that trial, you'll also have access to this software right here, Day Trade Dash. You'll have access to the charts, the scanners, the news feed. This is the same platform that I'm using every single day while I'm trading. And you'll get your own installation. So you can move things around the way you like. You can set it up however you want. So let's start by kind of getting oriented with where we're at. It's coming into the second full week for the month of January. Last week was all about building the cushion. And so let's check in with how well I did at that task. Monday was great. Monday was my first trading day of 2026 because I did not take any trades on Friday, uh, January 2nd. So, uh, so hitting a $25,000 winner right out of the gates was really just a fantastic start. I was really grateful for that. So, $25,000 right there on the 5th. Uh, Tuesday on the 6th, $7,500. Good. Not bad. That's a solid day as well. Wednesday, a no trade day. There was actually nothing that really looked very good to me. And so I held discipline and I said, I'm going to focus on less being more this year, the same as I did last year. It paid off well last year. I think it'll pay off again this year. So no trades Wednesday. Thursday was up 14,000. And then Friday I went red. And boy, it it certainly add some salt to the open wound to see the stock that I went red on ended up going all the way up to $100 a share. So, you know, I had the right idea, but my timing was wrong. I got in it right here at 8:30 in the morning. It seemed like it was pulling away. I mean, in fact, that was the highest volume of the entire day. So, it's kind of strange that in spite of that high volume, it wasn't able to pull away there, but for whatever reason, it didn't. It sold off. It popped back up here at 10:00 a.m. sold off and then at 1140 it rips up to $64 a share. Pulls back, punches up to 72 and then gives it all back down to 52. Then it rallies back up again and squeezes at about 130 all the way up to 84. Pulls back and then punches all the way up to nearly $110 a share. It's uh it's a shame it couldn't have done that move when I got in right here because that's what I thought it had the potential to do. So, I had the right idea, but my timing was wrong. All right. Well, I guess it's uh it's better than just being completely dead wrong about it. I mean, if it had dropped down to a dollar a share on Friday, I would have felt like I was really um you know, off my game. But in any case, um you know, it just didn't work at the time that I took that trade. So, Friday, I was red. Uh but if we look right now, uh $42,000 for the first week of the month and so that's a great start. My account is up 42%. If you recall, I reset my account back down to $100,000 for the beginning of the new year. I said, you know, let's just reset it. It look $100,000. It's not a small account challenge, but nonetheless, I did reset the account. So, if I pull this down here, let's see. Um I got to be careful because my account numbers up at the top. All right. So, right there gives you the view of my account starting with $96,000. All right. So, 96,000 right there on um whatever that was uh January 2nd. Uh and then I took my first trade on the 5th. So, anyways, so this is where I sit right now. Accounts up uh over 40% here uh from 96,000 up to 138,000. That's terrific. And the good news is, you know, because I had a couple of good days there last week, now with a little bit more buying power in my account, I could take slightly bigger positions uh on stocks this week. One thing that I'll note is that on Friday, my loss on&pa was definitely mitigated by the fact that I couldn't afford to buy more than 2,500 shares of this. I mean, just based on the price of the stock, I couldn't afford to buy 5,000 shares of it or 10,000. And thank goodness because if I had well I would have taken a much bigger loss because I lost about $5 a share and a large a large part of that was because of the slippage. It was thinly traded. I tried to get out and all of a sudden my orders were getting skipped over and I just got a ton of slippage on that exit. So if I'd had bigger size it would have been even worse. So, yes, uh, having a smaller account is, um, going to hold me back a little bit on some of these eight or nine, $10 stocks where I can afford to buy only 10 or maybe 12,000 shares instead of what ordinarily might be, you know, 25 or 30,000. But this is the time of year to focus on paying my dues, growing my account, and then once I have a cushion and my balance has gotten bigger, then, you know, I'll be able to take some more risk. Okay. So, and then another thing, if we just look at highlight, uh I just want to highlight my metrics here. So, $42,000, 16 trades so far, 75% accuracy. I love it. That's good. Quality over quantity. Average winners 4500. Um average losers $3,900. I've only had three losers, but one of them was an $11,000 loss. My biggest winner is a $13,000 winner. So, that's good. Average winners are three minutes long. Average losers are one minute long. And the average daily gain right now is $10,000 a day. So, uh, so anyway, so that all kind of works looks good and, you know, works well for me. Um, the majority of the profit between five and 10, that makes sense. This outlier here of a loss on the higher price um, area is regrettable. And then performance by day of the week, not super relevant being only one week in. Um, but down here, performance by day of the week. This, uh, checks out pretty well with last year as well, performing, uh, 7 to 8 and then 8 to 9 and then 9 to 10, a little bit less. And it looks like I had one. You know what? This is probably like um, this is probably like Ford. Yeah, this is I was just testing a hotkey, so that that it counts, but it it doesn't really mean anything to me. All right. So So that's where I sit right now. um you know, $40,000 a week that would have me on track for $160,000 on the month, which uh would actually make this a fairly slow month all things considered. You know, anything below $200,000 has been in the last year a slow month and hot months have been between half a million and upwards of a million dollars. So, the market definitely is a little bit cooler right now. And I do have to be careful with that because, you know, if I and that was one of the reasons I wanted to reset the account because if I get really aggressive in a colder market and we're not seeing follow-through, I could take a huge loss. And that easily could have happened on Friday with bigger size on either of these two stocks I traded. A&PA or um uh was it? I can't remember the other ticker. It doesn't really matter, though. So, so I think at this point, um, yes, the market's cooler, but, uh, I'm the type of trader that shows up every single day, rain or shine, and you never know when you're going to get a nice, uh, surprise move. Even in a cold market, the way it typically is during a colder market is you'll have days where there's very little to trade and then the next day, you know, yesterday could have been a no trade day and then the next day you have a stock that pops up with breaking news, whatever it is, top bottom of the hour, etc. 7 7:38 8:39 maybe, you know, something like that and it immediately rips up 75%. Immediately. And just like that, the stock is the leading gainer in the entire market. I'm buying the first pullback and then riding that momentum up and next thing you know it's up 150% 200% 300%. And it might only be 5 10 15 minutes of opportunity. But that is the spot where I really got to kind of capitalize as much as I can. In fact, if we look back at um let's see my trades from um from from just last week. Let's see um what have I got here? Um, refresh this page. Um, detailed. So, if we look at my biggest winner, what do we do? What do I What filter do I have on here? I'm just going to close this for a second. Um, overview, pull up the calendar. So, we look at this trade here on this particular stock. Um, this was Mnts, right? So we look at the chart on this one and I mean this was I took a number of trades on it but this this stock you know was really powerful. So the first trade right here was a micro pullback right right in this area. So it pops up gives this is a one minute chart but it gives me a little micro pullback there then it rips higher little pullback and then I had another trade on it right in this area for the breakthrough 950 that gave us the move up to 10 the pullback and then that squeeze higher. So this was I I I guess you could say this stock was pretty active for two hours from 8:30 to you know 9:30. Well an no I guess just about an hour. One hour. So the window here was open for 1 hour and that one hour truthfully made my entire week and you know it's more than more than 50% of my entire week just from that one hour. Uh, so I may not know when that one opportunity will come, but if I'm sitting here consistently every day from 7 a.m. until 10:00 a.m. Anything that happens within that window, which is when I have peak performance, I'm not going to miss it. And so I'm just going to keep showing up every day. I'll be here for that window. And if we, you know, if I do that consistently, I will pick up the opportunities when they are sitting there in the market waiting for me. So that's kind of my attitude right now is just keep showing up. And it is a little bit of grinding on kind of lower numbers and I, you know, I'm not sort of like the type of trader who's like, "Oh, this market's not good enough for me. I'm just going to go, you know, sit on the beach instead." I I know other traders do that. They'll say, "I'm not going to even bother. I just they leave." Uh but for me uh it's it's hard for me to do that because when I do leave then when I come back I feel a little rusty and and it's also kind of hard to know when to come back you know and usually when you do come back you ultimately will have missed a couple of good moves and it's possible that we could have a year you know here in 2026 where we have a wellestablished theme that pops up like we had last year with cryptocurrency and AI and when it gets really hot you will just sort of feed off catalyst. They're within that theme and it'll be like backtoback big moves. But other years are not defined by a specific theme. It's really just defined by showing up every day hitting base hits on kind of the regular run-of-the-mill headlines like earnings reports, new contracts, things like that. And then periodically, maybe it's once a month or whatever it happens to be. Maybe it's a little more often, maybe it's a little less often. You get that one stock that has seemingly mundane news, but the thing ends up going up 500%. Shorts get squeezed, you know, and it just keeps going higher and those are the stocks that are going to really kind of make the difference. You know, it's those th those trades by themselves, although they may only be a a small percentage of the total trades that we take will represent the majority of the profit that I produce. So, as you can already see from this past week, one day made up 55% of the profit of the week. And I I expect that um you know, it's probably going to remain true that uh you know, one out of five days each month um just you know, 20% or so uh and maybe even through the whole year are what really make make the the difference. But I can't really get I can't know with certainty what days those will be. So, I have to show up every day and be able to make a very quick determination of is today the day to dig deep and pull out that big size and be aggressive or is today a day to kind of shelter and hunker down from the storm and make sure I don't get smoked. And what I did on Friday, which I feel good about, even though I'm disappointed with the loss, I feel good about the fact that I walked away before it got worse because that, as I've said, is my biggest goal for this year, that on days when it's cold, I walk away. Now, you could argue Ross, you would have actually done far better on Friday if you'd had, you know, just stayed and and come back or or or kept trading just based on the fact that it went up to $110 a share. And although the price does seem to support that if I'd come back and gotten in, I would have maybe done well. Um, it's also important to remember that hindsight's always 2020 and we always look at it with sort of rosecolored lenses that I would I wouldn't I would have assumed that I would have known not to take this trade and lose another 10 points $10 a share, $5 a share, whatever it is, and then would have just managed to nail this, get in here, and not be holding here or here, and would have managed to like not lose on that false breakout there or that one there, but just been on on the green candles. But that's not reality. And because volume was declining as the day went on, it was already light on this candle. And so it was even lighter as it went on. Um I might very well have traded this all the way to 4 p.m. and actually lost managed to lose more money, which seems crazy, but I I bet I could have done it. Uh so uh I'm not feeling FOMO over missing that move, but I'm excited for the opportunity to come back at it tomorrow, Monday morning. And I'm excited for the opportunity that uh it'll be very easy for me to recoup Friday's loss because I managed to contain it so well. So $5,000 is, you know, that that that's very easy for me to recover from. Okay. So now if we look at the scanners here, um I'm going to start by looking at our after hours top gainer scanner. Now I looked at this on Friday and um I noticed a couple stocks on here, but none of the percentage gains were really super significant to me. So, I didn't I I didn't really take much interest in them. Um, SGN, Bark, ZNTL, CGTL, um, you know, none of these. CGTL is Chinese. It's Hong Kong company. You can see right there. Um, SGN, this one, um, US company, Bark. Um, not sure what this one is, but none of these gaps are really significant. So, I'm not super interested in anything from after hours on Friday. I don't think we're going to get really strong continuation on any of those um stocks. So, we do still have the theme that we should pay attention to of recent reverse splits, recent IPOs, and then as always, continuation. So, let's see. Where's my continuation scanner? There it is. All right. So, if we look through these scans here, I'll put this one up here for right now. So, on the continuation scanner, INBS has just been rallying really nicely uh from the end of December down at $4 all the way up to just under 20. And I looked at this on Friday and I was a little tempted, especially watching it pre-market. And I was thinking if it breaks over 16, you know, this kind of looks like a cup and handle. And it worked. However, this is really the thing that you want to pay attention to is let's look at the volume. So high volume on that initial move which was um just like a week and a half ago and then the volume has been declining significantly and this is a little bit of a divergence because the price is going higher even though the volume is going down. So shorts aren't winning. Longs who may still be holding are doing well but there's very light activity and because of that the spreads are big. there's not a lot of liquidity and so I decided not to trade on Friday. At this point it doesn't unless it has another catalyst. I don't think the volume's going to increase. So probably not going to be able to get any trades on that. MRNO this one um again nice continuation off the lows but declining volume as well. U you know which presents that risk. So don't love that unfortunately. Mnts I was curious about this and I still am. uh for the first daily candle to make a new high. I do think that could work for us, but it is interesting. You've got higher volume on this red candle and then these two candles that actually pushed higher were on lighter volume. So, that's a bit of a divergence. And this red candle is not ideal, but we are above the the highs of that day. So, first candle to make a new high and then back through 1516. I could see it working. Uh, but you know, the stock has also popped and then sold off so many times. I just it might be going back to the well, you know, one too many times to even try. So, I'm not sure if that's going to work. Um, Sid, this one has a float of 61 million shares. Alms also has a higher float, so those are no go. CGTL, as we looked at, Hong Kong Company, yes, a nice rally from a dollar up to three, but I just don't expect I would make good money on this anyways. So, I mean, I you could argue I could buy 30,000 shares of it because it's cheaper, even a little bit more than that with my account size being a bit smaller. Lowerric stocks do give me more bang for the buck, but I only want to take trades when I've got a really high conviction that I'm going to make money. And you saw my accuracy last week was 75%. And even some of the ones I lost on, I still had the right idea on, which is good. So, I'm focusing on the right stocks. And at worst right now, I'm timing them wrong, but I have the right idea. And that's a really nice place to be if I was in with smaller size and didn't mind giving it a little bit more room if you know, whatever. But um but for me, I'm cutting my losses quickly. So, uh so I'm going to continue focusing on really quality over quantity. You're not going to see me taking a 100 trades a day. I'm going to take a small handful of trades each day. But on those handfuls, I'm obviously putting my money, you know, on the table and I'm gonna take the risk and I'm going to do it because I really feel that this setup that I'm trading at that moment is going to work. Um, S dot, you know, the float's lower at 1.5, but no volume. So, these are just continuation names. They're hard to trust right now. So, I'm going to knock that one off that scan. Um, the recent IPOs essentially are the same as continuation. It's a stock that recently began trading, you know, like an FJET. You could get a curl back up, but um it what often happens is he's pulled back quite a bit. This one's at a little bit of a nicer price here, JMG, where a curl and a retest of these levels at the high that candle wick could be interesting. It's also a Hong Kong company. Um nicely American listed stock. That means if it starts going during regular trading hours, we and it halts, we won't be able to see resumption prices. I will note that trading um in at a halts when the market's a little cooler is challenging. BUDA um this one, you know, a curl back up would be the idea. Have to check to see what the float is. Hasn't been updated yet. MDLN floats too high. This one a little cheaper. I'm sorry, a little more expensive. $24. Um, all right. So, nothing seeing nothing really big there. INBS, we already talked about that in the recent reverse splits. That's a nice catalyst. PAVS, this one I said I don't trust. Chinese company leaving it alone. OIS a little cheaper, you know, could work. It's a low float if it has news. Um, I'd love to get one of these in uh I now currently have two small account challenges going at the same time. Robin Hood and Weeble. Um, so would love to get some trades on some of the lower price stocks, but where I can buy more shares. APVO, this one was really a shame. Um, such a rejection. They were ready to sell. There's no question about that. So, um, yeah. So, it is interesting that a number of the stocks that are on this scan here have been, um, stocks that we've already traded. But I think that's one of the themes right now. that's been working for us. Our recent reverse splits, which actually, let me pull that scan up one more time. So, one thing that we could that I could say about that is if I look at this, like this split here was on um uh was on January 1st. So, this one has not yet had volume. So, like I would say, and I'm just going to check the dates on these. So, 25 25 26. So, PAVM, we already No, we didn't talk about this one. We talked about PAVS. So, let's actually go ahead and make a little watch list of a couple recent reverse splits since that does seem to be where we're seeing some action. So, P AVM. Um, that one is a US company and it's healthcare. Okay. So, that's a that's a good sector. And then we've got um so that was there. Uh, and I'm just going to start um keeping track of these on my whiteboard here. So then we've got COODX. Um so let's check this one out. So COODX have traded it before. Um and let me just note float 650K NPAVM COODX float is 1.98 million. It's a US diagnostics rate. Um US healthcare company as well. So, same sector, big split. Now, the 200 moving average on this one is 12, which is pretty close. I don't really like that as much. PAVVM, how far away is the 200? 16. That's still a little close. All right. So, not ideal. This one, RV L at 550. 200's at 20. So, a squeeze up to 20. That gives us a little bit more room. software and IT though it's not really the sector we've been seeing a ton of action. Um 850k share flow RV YL. So this is a US company it um tech software interesting all right so then other recent reverse splits as of this year 2026 CF now this one I don't know we've this one just so known for being a difficult stock to trade probably not that interested there MLC lot of room to the 200 100. Um, so I'm not even sure that's like Lithuania. I think uh LU code. So Luxembourg. Okay. Um well, yeah, I don't know, but it is a biotech. So I'll add it here. MLEC um Lux. And then this is biotech. This one has a float of 575,000 shares. So, you know, that's the type where um you know, with that low float and being biotech, if they did come out with news, that could be interesting. The next step would be, you know, if it comes out with news, it starts popping up, pulling up the balance sheet on it and getting a sense of, you know, h what how much money are they spending? um and what's you know how much cash do they have on um on the balance sheet right now. So then you get a sense of their burn rate and how desperate they might be to raise money. Let's see. So consolidated financials amounts in US dollars. Interesting. Um revenues from contracts with customers. I mean, hm, these are very, very significant large amounts of money. Um, surprising. You don't usually see uh stock this cheap with like $330 million in revenue, amount in dollars. So, it's really kind of a huge amount of money. I have to look into that one a little bit more. I don't know. But um anyways, if they have warrants that are out there or you know if they need to do an offering that could um if they've got a shelf registration that'd be something to pay attention to. ICU 3.5 million share float a lot of room to the two well it's the 200 is 12 but it's at only $2 a share so it does have a good amount of room. Yeah. So all right well that gives us a couple of stocks. So now, you know, next week if I see one of these stocks hit the scanners, right now I'm already going to know it's a recent reverse split. I already checked it. Now I could go and get in the the weeds of checking the balance sheet on each of these companies and kind of getting maybe a bit of a bias of, oh, this is the type of company that's definitely going to be raising money. you know, look out because as soon as they do an offering or as soon as they, you know, put out news, they're gonna they're probably going to do an offering. Um but on the other hand, one of the things that can be challenging with forming too strong of a bias with that type of thing is uh some of these some of these companies um you know will have a shelf registration and it they've they've got every reason to raise money and then they don't and the stock ends up going up 200% in a day and and you were kind of sitting here with a strong fundamental bias uh and it caused you to not trade the price action that was right in front of you. So, if one of these pop up and the price action is clean, regardless regardless of whether they have a shelf registration or they have warrants, if the price action is clean, then I'm interested, you know, and we'll just then from there, we'll we'll just see how it goes. And if it starts getting choppy at a certain point, then at that point, I'll acknowledge that it's it's no longer clean and I've got to move on to something else. So, we've got four possible ideas for this week. They're only candidates if the stock ultimately comes out with a catalyst and starts squeezing higher. But those are the type of companies that are likely to put out news because they have a recent reverse split. So they've got the recent reverse split and now they're going to want to put out news so people pay attention to the stock so it squeezes up and they're likely going to let it run. They're not going to sell right away because they want to let it run. They want want to let it squeeze up so a lot of liquidity comes into the name. So if they decide to do an offering you know in a few days after the news headline there was the volume to support it. So as you know we kind of noticed on this recent reverse split scan look at you know INBS and PAVS these ones have already made the big moves recent reverse split then the news comes out. So, this is kind of, you know, PAVS, um, more of that pre-market pop, but this is kind of what I'm looking for is, uh, trying to get the next one. You know, even APVO, even though it wasn't totally clean, it still went from $9 to 14 bucks. I mean, that was a pretty impressive move. So, all right, we've got a little bit of a game plan there to keep an eye on reverse splits. Tomorrow morning, I'll be watching the top gainer scanner, seeing what is already obvious. And then if nothing's obvious, that puts us in a position where we'll just wait at the top and the bottom of the hour for breaking news. And if something pops up, either that we're already familiar with, or that we notice has a particularly low float, a nice catalyst, is in the right sector, then boom, that's time to take a trade and see what I can see what I can do. So that's the game plan. Again, those you guys tuning in, if you haven't already checked out a two-eek trial, link is pinned to the top of the comments and in the description. You can check it out. It's two weeks for 20 bucks. So, I look forward to seeing you guys bright and early tomorrow morning. I will be streaming at 7:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time. And I'll remind you as always that trading is risky, and of course, my results are not typical. So, you should manage your risk by practicing these new strategies in a simulator before putting real money on the line. If you want to check out some other uploads that I've recently posted here on YouTube, uh I'll put links to them right here. These have been popular and I've got this new Robin Hood challenge which people are excited about. So, make sure you guys check those out and I will see you uh at 7 a.m. tomorrow morning. Okay, see you then.