Title: +$2,703.02 in Day Trading Profits
Views: 28689
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=2IpOnPGuD2o
======================================================================

What's up everyone? All right, so in today's episode, I'm going to break down my trades from the morning and we're going to start by looking at a stock this morning that went from 46 cents a share to over $20 a share in less than 1 minute. That is unbelievable. Now, today is a green day for me. You can't quite see my P&L tucked behind um my uh my chart here. Uh and it's not because I'm embarrassed for you to see it. Um, but it is because I'm only up $2,700. It's a small green day. Uh, so here's the deal. My cold market daily goal is 5,000 and I'm at half the cold market daily goal today. That's not the day that I was hoping for, but what I know from last week is that I had uh I guess two at least two or maybe three days that were below my cold market daily goal. And then I had one day where I was at $52,000. And so the fact is I don't need to hit, you know, a really good trade every single day as long as every few days I get a really good setup. Now I am surprised that energy prices are up over 100% in the last 10 days and we're not seeing that trickle down to more opportunities in the small cap energy sector. There's a number of small cap energy companies and with the price of oil going up as much as it has in the last 10 days, I'm shocked that we're not seeing more momentum in those um securities. We did see some last week with BATL, as you may recall. Um and there's been a few this um morning that were popping up, but none of them have really been moving in a meaningful way that's provided opportunities. And so that has been surprising. It's a divergence from what we've seen in the past in 2022 when oil uh was above $100 a barrel. We also saw uh some really big momentum in a number of small cap energy companies. And this this time, you know, oil making this huge move from, you know, what was down, let's see, a couple weeks ago. Um I mean, we're down here. This is USO which is not um the price uh exactly but uh but in any case you could see USO is up over 50% here just in the last 10 days and so I think that um you know we're experiencing um a bit of a divergence and that's something to pay attention to. So this morning when I first sat down, I was hoping that we would see some opportunities on a a a leading small cap energy stock, but that was not the case. If we look at volume today, we just sort by volume here. The leader in volume is AI with 143 million shares of volume. It is not an energy company. This is a stock that um you know is up quite a bit, but is just really going sideways at this point. Here's the problem. Now people are playing tugof-war buying and selling it for 2 or 3 cents a share and to me it's just not worth it. So I have no interest in this one. Did not take a trade on it. Second leader is ENR. This one's got a 42 million share float. Also not interested in it. It's got a high up here around $14. Now this one is energy but it's only up 11%. So it's got a lot of volume but it's not moving. So once again, we're kind of in a little bit of a um you know, we're we're in a little bit of a rut here where I feel like uh what I would expect to happen isn't happening. And so I'm I'm sort of caught a little bit off guard. So here's the way I approached it this morning. When I first sat down at 7 a.m., we had ah was it a gh or ahg? Um, AGH. Um, yeah, we had AGH on the scans here. And this one, um, as you can see, hit a high of 785, but it's a 8.5 million share float. Is also easy to borrow at light speed. And so when I typed in my level two AGH right here, I saw that it was easy to borrow, you know, $58.33 right now. But that easy to borrow um is what kind of had me thinking, no, I better leave this thing alone. So, what I expect with a stock that's easy to borrow is that as it starts moving higher, because it's free to borrow and you don't have to pay the locate fee, that you're going to have more people selling short as it starts moving higher. So, at a certain point, those early short sellers can get squeezed out. But until you cross that tipping point, it can be very heavy. And with this stock, um, I I just I wasn't sure it was going to be able to cross that tipping point. And in fact, it didn't. It went up to $8 and then came all the way back down. So that was um so that was no good. And so then to the leaders um we had this other stock CIIT, which um I want to show you was unbelievable. So, this one ends up popping up and in a matter of a minute, it went from 60 cents a share up to a dollar, $2, $3, $4, $5, $6, $7,85, 20 to a high of $22.75 a share. And I'm sure there will be short sellers posting massive losses on this saying, "No fair. It's no fair. this stock. What the heck? It went from 60 cents to $22 and then back to 60 cents. I I hear you. It's very frustrating. It doesn't make sense, but this is a Chinese company and it's not the first time we've seen it. It won't be the last time we see it. These stocks can be irrational and unless you can keep holding, I'm sure there's people that stopped out and covered. Let's This is a stock that already had quite a bit of volume. So in the 5060 C price there's certainly people who would have shorted 100,000 shares. That's not that big of a position on a cheap stock like this. So all of a sudden it goes to $160 they're down 100 grand. 260 360 460 560 down half a million. Up to 1060 they're down a million. Up to $2060 they're down $2 million. Margin call. Boom. Accounts gone instant. And then it comes right back down. That doesn't feel fair. That doesn't feel right. It doesn't make sense. But the market can be irrational. We've seen these things happen before. I've seen stock go up to $200. We've seen some go to 500. So, this is whether you would call it an intentional um an intentional bear raid or bull. Well, I don't know. A bear raid is when um the shorts attack a stock. But if you would call it intentional that it was designed to force shorts out, um I don't know. I don't know that you could really identify that that's actually what happened. But um in any event, it goes up, makes a huge move, then comes all the way back down. So it does have a lot of volume right now. And um in any case, for me, it's not something I'm interested in now. It's too cheap. Anyways, now I suppose at some point we might get one like that that holds up around $15 and then I'll keep trading it as it moves higher, but if it can't hold up, then I'm not going to trade it. So that's CI T. Um there's a few other stocks have slightly higher floats are on the scans. Um he X ne but these ones um you know price is too high, float is too high. leaving those alone. And then we had um LRHC, which popped up this morning, 42 million shares of volume right now. Again, a cheaper stock. And what was interesting on this is that despite the float being pretty low. Um this had a lot of big sellers, 50,000 share sellers, and they were selling and selling and selling. So they would sell and then the price would move up, they would sell more, the price would move up, they would sell more. And then finally the price started to roll over. And as the price rolled over, they started pushing the sell orders down. But they were always on the ask and suppressing the price. And so they must have shorted at least 200,000 shares of the stock or sold 200,000 shares, but I think they were shorting. And it's pretty impressive considering how low the float is uh that they even had those shares to borrow. But nonetheless, they pushed the price right back down. So on this one, I did take a trade, and I'll start with that trade. It was my last trade of the day, actually, but we'll start with it um in any event, just cuz it was sort of interesting. So, the way I was looking at this was would there be a tipping point? And so, I took this trade uh right here on this little micro pullback right in there. And what I was looking for was the possibility that if we broke over a $1.75 that might we might squeeze through $180, $185, $1.90, $2 and maybe that big short that had been selling all of these shares here would get forced to start to cover. That did not happen. So I jumped in and out, made $16,2.78. All right, that's a small trade, but that's fine. So a small winner. That was my last trade of the day. did 10,000 shares 75 to 7876. All right, then um the trade the first then we'll go back to the first trade. So the first trade of the day was on OPTX. OPTX hits my scanners and I saw it actually just hit the scanner again here a moment ago. Um or at least I thought I did. So anyways, doesn't matter. OPTX hits my scanner and um it pops up and I see that it has a def a defense headline. So, 4 million in defense orders. And I'm like, okay, this is something that I can kind of wrap my head around. And so, I let it pop up. It then pulls back. And I'll show you where I jumped in this one. I didn't jump in as it was squeezing up. I jumped in as it was dipping back down a little bit. Um, so let's see. So, we It was actually right in here. Um, it popped up to a high of nine. It dipped down and I got in right here uh for the breakback over eight. It popped up to 820 uh 840 right here. As you could see, it then flushes down to 720 and I was still holding. I added as it came back up to 780 and I sold when it got back over 8 and I was like, yikes, that was a little bit of a close call. Um at the very bottom here, I didn't buy at the very bottom, but it sold off and then it bounced right back up. And so I held through that pain and that's essentially what it was. It was a a quick flush, a big red candle and I held through that and then it rallied back up. Now at what point would I have had to capitulate and stop out, you know, probably below seven and I was ready to. I had my order ready to sell and if id sold there, I would have ended up losing about $5,000. Not great. So when it rallied back up, I go from red on it, you know, 2500 or whatever it was back to green. And I said, "Get out and do not get back in." So I did not get back in. And so that was my first trade of the day. That was a little nerve-wracking. Second trade of the day was on FGL. So FGL, uh, this one, you know, it's a foreign listed company. I've traded it a few times before and when it first popped up on the scanner, I was like, I don't know if this is really going to work. I don't think it will. The volume is light, but you know, I'll give it a chance. We'll see what it does. So, it hits a high here of 11. It drops back down and I got in right here at 10 for the breakback over VWAP. It was like right about here. Pops up to 1060. Took a little off the table. It dips back down. I'm still holding. It comes back up. Comes back up to 11. I take a little more off the table and I was ready to add back if it could hold over 11 for a squeeze higher, but it couldn't. It dropped back down. I sold the rest of it. And so like that had a small profit of $938.94. So, and then the final trade was LRC, which I already shared with you. So, those are my three uh trades for the day. Three trades, 100% accuracy. That's going to improve my uh accuracy a little bit for the month of March. the profit to loss ratio these average winners you know I'm up 2700 divide by three so the average winners are fairly small today uh you know but um it is what it is I mean it this just was not a really hot market and again I'm a little bit surprised given what's going on with oil but the thing that we do know is that um the US equity markets um So there's no question that this price in oil is going to have a rippling effect through the US markets. And the S&P 500 is um is down um you know a good bit since this conflict began. And I mean it's not a huge amount but it is down a bit and I think there's a realization that this the what's going on is going to disrupt a lot of these multinational global companies. Um, obviously shipping and everything else is going to, you know, prices are going to change, profit margins are going to adjust. Airline stocks, they're going to suffer as a result of this. People are prices tickets are going to be more expensive to cover the um energy costs and they're going to, you know, presumably lose maybe some money on uh tickets that they already sold, you know, 6 months in advance or whatever it is. If you already booked a ticket in January for a trip in July and now suddenly the price of oil has um gone up as much as it has, that's going to have an effect on the profit that Delta makes on that ticket. So um you know and their profit margins, I mean are are not um the biggest as it is. So so you know that's definitely a factor. And then we obviously also recognize that um you know the the price of Bitcoin is down um quite a bit. So let's see. I'm just I pull this up. I'm on my um my laptop here. So I don't have all of my um all the tools that I usually use for tracking prices. But in any case, I actually had a dream last night that Bitcoin went to 5,000. um a dream or a prophecy. Oh, I hope it's not a prophecy. Um but it was it was a dream. And so let's see. Current price today is around 68,000. So, you know, I I just know that when we've had um you know, big drops in Bitcoin in the past that it has uh weighed on the small cap market as well. And so, you know, to the extent that that may be the case again this year, that is contributing to things, excuse me, being a little bit slower. So, Bitcoin being down, the S&P 500 being down. We can check the IWM, which is a Russell 2000 index. Not that I'm always even trading Russell index stocks, but um IWM is down a little bit. So, you know, this is sort of the the context. Within this context and environment, we will see some surprise moves. We will see some black swan events. We had a couple last week. I had a great day last Wednesday. And I expect that there will be more days like that. Um, you know, and but that's kind of how it's going to be. It's going to be a little bit hit or miss. So, you know, when it's a day that's feeling hot and when we have a stock that's working, I want to get aggressive, but I don't want to overstay my welcome on them. And on days when it's colder, I want to take my foot off the gas really quickly. And if I could do that, then I can get through this colder market and I can do quite well. So, I'm already up 75,000 on the month of um March here, which is great. So, off to a really good start. And uh well, today adds another 2,700. So, 77,700 roughly. So, going to continue to make progress. And on those days when the market is giving us some good opportunities, I'm going to be more aggressive. Today we do have dispersed attention. So we have several different stocks that people are focusing on. Instead of all that volume being on one obvious stock, it's spread across several. That never helps. So, you know, this is just the way it is today. But if tomorrow we have just totally dead scanners, there's nothing. and then a stock pops up with news at 8 a.m. and it's a headline that's like right on par either in the energy space, defense space, or it's a good oldfashioned biotech stock, but that stock is obvious. That's where, you know, I'm going to be looking to see if we get some really good action. So, for those of you guys tuning in on YouTube, as always, if you want to join us for a twoe trial, there's a link that'll be pinned at the top of the comments and in the description. Twoe trial for 20 bucks lets you watch while I'm trading. you get to see this window right here. So, you can see my position, see where I'm getting in, where I'm getting out, and um you'll hear my market commentary, and you'll also have access to this software right here for charting, scanning, and breaking news. So, uh you guys are welcome to check out that trial, and I will be streaming bright and early first thing tomorrow morning at 7:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time. So, I'll see you guys bright and early tomorrow morning. Reminder, as always, trading is risky. My results aren't typical, so manage your risk, take it slow, and I'll see you in the morning.