Title: Watch List for MONDAY!
Channel: Ross Cameron - Warrior Trading
Views: 32587
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=oB-LJHoVyqg
======================================================================

What's up everyone? All right, so in today's episode, I'm going to give you my watch list for Monday morning and the game plan for the week ahead. I am excited because October is in the history books and we are starting a brand new month, which means I can just sort of start with a clean slate. As it turns out, October was my worst month of the year. This, you know what, hey, there has to be one month that's the worst. And as it turned out for me, it was October. But it came as a surprise because typically Q4, October, November, December are my strongest months of the year. But you know what's also typical? Typically September is one of the slowest months. But this year September was really strong. So this is kind of confusing. September was strong. October was weak. What's the deal? Well, at the end of the day, it all comes back to the catalyst. Now, typically Q4 is strong because that's when companies start putting out really good news. They want their stock price to rally into the end of the year so they can have a good finish for shareholders and everything else. And so it just turned out that this year we had a series of catalysts that were coming out really through the whole year, May, June, July, August, and September tied into the crypto treasury strategy. Now, with the price of cryptocurrencies surging up over the summer, those headlines worked really well. But then as you know the price of crypto or bitcoin uh came down a little bit and so that sort of softened the effect of these crypto strategies. I mean they work well when bitcoin is surging up but when it's dropping down people are like well I don't know it's it's just not as exciting. And so that kind of hurt us a little bit in October. And if we pull up the screen share and we just take a look at the overall market in October, you can see that we had this big drop in the S&P on this day that we got the tweets about uh tariffs, potential tariff hike against China. So the market was able to kind of shake that off and rally back up. But then, you know, on top of all of this, we have all these, it's like the clickbait right now, the theme, at least as far as I can tell, you know, what I see on social media is the headlines are either about, you know, near misses at airports and FAA, you know, this and that and terrible turbulence and planes, you know, just all this drama. And then the other thing is, are we in a bubble? And the financial pundits on CNBC, they just love to talk about these types of things. I mean, they are just so into whatever gets the clicks. And of course, you know, October, that was when we had the great um the the you know, big stock market crash back in 1929. It was in October. And so, you know, there's sort of this that's a topic that comes up every October. And in this current market, the conversation is are we in a bubble, an AI bubble? And um so the Federal Reserve chairman was saying, you know, well, the difference between this and.com was, you know, that during the.com bubble, you had stocks that were getting bought up and had crazy valuations, but they didn't even make money. Whereas a lot of these AI companies actually have a business model and um you know, Nvidia, stuff like that. I mean, the these companies have a product, they produce, they may be overvalued, there may be some hype there, but um it's a little bit different because they actually have, you know, a real underlying product. And it's a product that's likely to change, you know, continue to change the world. So, but in any case, let's let's just say let's just speculate for a second. Let's just say that we are in a bubble. Asset prices are high. This is true. So, how do we approach that? You you have a couple options. One option is you stay out. You say, "Oh, I don't want to trade in bubbles." Well, bubbles happen all the time. You got the dot bubble. You got the housing bubble. I mean, these are just recent bubbles. Um, you know, maybe an AI bubble. You've got cryptocurrency. you know, Bitcoin, some say at times that was a bubble. Um, so one option is just to stay out. The other option is to just sort of be in the overall market and to ride the waves, right? So you're in the overall market, you ride the wave and you benefit when it's up and it hurts when it's down, but you know, over the course of 10, 20 years, it's long term keeps going up. And then the third approach is to try to time the market. Now, when it comes to long-term investing, trying to time the market's really difficult because if you miss just a select number of days, it's really going to hurt your overall return. So, they say it's not a good idea to try to time the market. But on the other hand, we are day traders. So, aren't we truly trying to time the market all the way down to the the minutes potentially? And I think in a way we are. And so my feeling on potentially a bubble would be that what I know is that you have the greatest price appreciation during the last 12 months of a bubble. That's when the prices really start to skyrocket before it bursts. So there's a window in there where there is a lot of opportunity to make money. As long as you're willing to play a little bit of hot potato, you don't hold the bag. You trade, you get in, you get out, you get in, you get out, and then you get out, right? So, you take your money and then when the market cools off and we have a correction, you're sitting on the sidelines. You you made good money when it was hot. You capitalized as much as you could on that up upswing and now you can see the writing on the wall that it's time to take your foot off the gas. So, in a way, you can see that when you look at my P&L over the course of um over the course of months and certainly over the course of years. So, if we look at my P&L win- loss expectation here, you're going to notice that there are long periods where I'm trading more conservatively, showing up every day. I I, you know, I've been showing up every single day since I started trading. I have taken a total of two weeks off in my career. I took one week off when I got a concussion. Uh, that was a I I I had to because I was just got so messed up. And I took one week off when I got married. Um, so those were the the two weeks off that I've taken. I'm sorry. I took a third week off. I took a third week off and this is over the course of 10 more than 10 well gosh just 10 years since I've been running Warrior Trading. We started Warrior Trading in uh 2014. 2012 is when it began as a blog. So showing up every single day and streaming for our members. I've taken three weeks off in the last 10 years. Uh the third week was when I went to Turks and Caos. was um a vacation that I took after uh shortly after the GameStop short squeeze because I had made so much money. I was like, you know what, let's just take a vacation. But nonetheless, bit of a tangent. So, I show up every single day, but then the market picks up. This was 2020. This was the pandemic, 2020, 2021. The market was super hot, right? I crushed it. And then we went into a two-year bare market, right? Interest rates went up and I really had two choices. And you look at other traders who traded during the same period of time. And I know other traders who made big money here and gave back half of it or more. Some gave back all and they're gone. But some gave back half and then they've been they've been even today they haven't gotten back to where they were back here. Now we're in another really nice upswing here. And so I've tried to put the pel to the metal, get aggressive and scale up. But if we zoom in even just over the course, that's big picture. That's over the course of 10 years. But let's just look at year-to date. Year to date, you're going to see little waves as well. You're going to see periods where, you know, it was relatively hot and then really, really hot and then a little slower and then hotter and a little slower. So, October was a little slower, but in the big picture, big context, you know, life is good. We're in a we're in a pretty incredible market. This is a pretty incredible time. And so, I think it's a great time for a beginner to be practicing a lot in a simulator and gaining as much experience as you can. Now, many of you know I've been talking that uh about how I'm going to start a new small account challenge. I've already done uh two this year. I did the first one with six times leverage, the second time with uh settlement margin, but no leverage. And I've got a third small account challenge that I'm ready to begin. The account is funded, but I've been trying to decide when I should start it. And I was asking myself, you know, I was planning on starting on Monday, but then I thought, gosh, you know, Thursday and Friday were so slow. I I don't One of One of the things I'm expecting is that when I do a small account challenge, many of you are going to join the twoe trial, so you can watch during the challenge. And I and I want to give you guys the opportunity to see some really good action. And so I feel if I start on Monday, the market's just going to be too cold. You're all going to be sitting there watching me just twiddling my thumbs, waiting for a good opportunity. And so to make the most of your twoe trial and the whole experience, I think it does make sense for me to wait at least a couple more days until we start to see some better signs of life. Um, so that's my plan with the small account challenge. I'm ready to go, but I'm just waiting for a little bit of strength in the market. And if I were a beginner trader, I I would be doing the same thing. I'd be looking around if I saw a lot of people saying, you know, the market's really slow right now. D I would think maybe I should keep trading in the sim for another week. You know, maybe this isn't the day to to go switch to live when these people who have been doing this for, you know, decades or whatever are saying it's hard to make money right now. Okay, so that's kind of my mindset at the moment. Uh so even though the overall market is still you know doing pretty well uh and obviously at basically right under all-time highs small caps have been a little slower and that's in part because this catalyst with the um uh crypto treasury strategy sort of stopped working. Now it was interesting on Friday that HKD made this big squeeze and I kind of I did the recap and I talked about it and so I'm going to throw something out to you. So now I'm sort of thinking oh should I have traded that on Friday? Now to trade it would have been reducing my quality standard. So it's no longer five pillars of stock selection that would have been going down to to to four. And one of them which is float is really a mustave. So in order to increase my trades do I have to just accept four pillars? You the way it's been the last couple of weeks in order to get a lot of trades I have to go down to one pillar. One pillar of stock selection. Um it's a stock and that's it. If if it's moving if it's doesn't even matter. Price doesn't matter. just a it's a stock because at that point I'm going to introduce a lot more trades. You guys are going to get to see me taking some trades, but I'm probably going to introduce a lot of losers because my accuracy trading stocks that meet one pillar of stock selection is pretty poor. So, on the one hand, I'm thinking, well, I could reduce my quality standard and that would get me trading more, but my accuracy will go down. It's hard to be patient. Even for me, it's hard to have no trade days. And I had two no trade days in a row on uh Thursday and Friday, right? So no so I was red on Tuesday, Wednesday, and then no trades on Thursday, Friday. Uh so, you know, it was a real it was a real bummer of of a week. It it's just it's it's not what I was expecting at all. Um but this is where trading psychology comes in and radical acceptance. This is the market we're in and I can't change that. But I can control how much risk I'm willing to take. And you know, having already had two red days because I pushed it a little bit with lowquality setups, I'd rather have two red days and two no trade days than four red trades. Four red days in a row. Okay. So, what does that all mean for Monday morning? Well, Monday morning, no doubt I'll be watching our top gainer scanner and I'll be praying it looks better than it does right here. High float stocks, low price penny stocks, that is not my cup of tea. That is not where I'm going to make good money. So, I'm going to have a little hope and a prayer that we have some better quality stocks. Now, of course, you know, hope is not strategy. Uh, and that's true. I can't I shouldn't get in a trade and hope it goes up, but I can always be hopeful that we have better opportunities. So, I will be hopeful that we have some better opportunities. Um, if we look at the top gainer scanner for after hours, after hours on Friday, you had LGC, uh, yeah, uh, sorry, LGCL that squeezed up. And it wouldn't surprise me if this is the first stock that squeezes on Monday morning at 4 in the morning, 4:00 a.m. Wouldn't surprise me at all to see a pop up. Um, however, it is a Chinese stock. What do we know about these Chinese stocks? They'll go up on no news. They can be very risky. So, you know, manage your risk, use caution. Now, this did have um earnings per share. The problem with earnings per share on a Chinese company is you have unfortunately you have to take it with a grain of salt. This is the whole thing that I find really interesting. You know, US companies that are publicly traded have US auditors that are auditing their financials. And so, when they put out their audited, you know, Q4 or year-over-year financials, you know that they've been reviewed by an independent accountant. But when you have international companies that are listed on the US exchange, they're getting audited, but not by US auditors. And and there are no doubt very reputable Chinese auditors. And then there's also ones that are not as reputable. And so when you have this foreign company issue, we just don't always know the standard to which these financials have been audited. And I can't say anything specifically about this company because I don't know. But what I do know about Chinese companies in general, especially small cap stocks, is that this is a real risk that we've seen before where we'll you'll see great headlines and then the company just sells off and it doesn't make sense unless there's sort of an ulterior motive there. So, you know, again, you could say Chinese stocks can act as if they're in a bubble sometimes, and there is opportunity to capitalize on that and to profit, but you got to play hot potato and make sure you're not holding when it starts to turn around. So, my guess is that by 7:00 a.m. when I'm sitting down, Eastern Standard Time, LG CL is already going to be um uh you know, off the radar. Now, by the way, um we had daylight savings uh last night here in um in the US. And so, what that's going to mean for international traders is just check your clock, current time in New York City. So just do a current just do a time check current time in New York City and just make sure that you know what time you've got to wake up. So depending on what time zone you are in there's a good chance that we are going to be because we fell back our our clock switched back fall back. That's the whole deal and in in October so or well you know right whatever and so just as a heads up just make sure uh you're showing up at the right time tomorrow and you're not thrown off. Okay. So, anyways, with that said, um my my plan at this point, um LGCL, it's a side chart. It's a maybe. Now, we could spend time going through our uh recent IPOs. We can go through the um recent reverse splits. I've got a bunch a bunch of scans here that I'm kind of testing out as well. I've got the five pillar scan. There's a reverse split scan. Um, I think those are well the continuation scanner. I just don't think that in this we haven't had anything with really good continuation. Yeah, I'm going to just close that. Okay, so recent IPOs, EPSM. Um, I mean had this incredible move here. But see, look, Chinese. So, should you have not traded it on this day? It went from, you know, $30 to $60, $160 a share. Well, unfortunately, this was a day that it was on such light volume that it really wasn't very tradable. But, but nonetheless, uh there are opportunities on some of these AGCC. Um, you know, it could work. Oops. Yeah, I'm not sure though. Um, and then a number of these are a slightly higher float. And then we've got the recent reverse split. So, let's see if there was any from the last week. Smaller low float on that one. So, recent reverse split. This comes out with news. Boom. You'd get that squeeze up towards the 200. That's what you would look for. Don't know if that'll happen. Gu 1 million share float. But here the 200 moving average is close. It's at uh $7. So that needs to break and hold over the 200 CYCU cheaper. Well, $43. It's not that bad. Um where's the 200? Oh, it's a recent IPO. Gosh. So IPO then just sold off. Yeah, that's a little tricky. I don't like those as much. Um, I worry with those that you still have recent insiders um from the IPO that are like, "Oh my gosh, I have to get out of this thing." Um, NEL little little pop off the low has room that could be a reversal pattern on the daily. Um, it's a Swiss company CH, so that's okay. But a pharmaceutical, but you know, will it have that catalyst um that news headline because that's what it really needs in order to get some momentum? But you could see we've got a good number of reverse split stocks and when the market heats back up all of those could be candidates when they come out with news. Uh what I have noticed when we look at the volume in the market so volume 320 million shares on HKD 196 on MSAI. So if we look at um sort of the the top of the scan HKD is at the top not including this stock and it had the most volume. So, I would just pay attention to whatever is the leading gainer because that does seem to be, you know, whatever is currently the leading gainer is the one that gets sort of the most attention right now, even if it does have a higher float. Now, I'm probably going to hold discipline and not trade it, but just something to be aware of. So, that's my game plan for Monday. Uh, I'm going to be watching the top gainer scanner, watching the leading gappers, watching news, and, you know, I've I've certainly got an open mind. I'm going to be sitting down here every day next week, but if it ends up being awfully slow, um, you know, I'm just going to keep my risk in check. So, less risk until things start to really pick back up. And I think that's going to be the best way to build the cushion for the month of November. All right, so with that, I will see you guys first thing tomorrow morning, 7 a.m. And reminder, as always, trading is risky. My results aren't typical. So, please manage your risk and always practice a simulator before putting real money on the line.