Title: SpaceX IPO: Everything you NEED to Know to Get Ready!
Views: 314989
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=r88nmkORXBg
======================================================================

What's up everyone? All right, so in today's episode, I'm going to share with you everything that you need to know to get ready for the SpaceX IPO. It will be the biggest IPO in history, and there is no question about it, it will be very volatile. It will be exciting to watch and it'll be exciting to trade. So whether you're thinking about trading it, buying and selling actively, day trading it during the day of the IPO or the days and weeks just after, or you're thinking about investing in SpaceX for the next 10, 15 years, like maybe you wish you could have, should have, would have with Tesla, Nvidia, and so many others. I'm going to share with you what I think are the most important things to consider before trading or investing in SpaceX. SpaceX is not your typical company. I mean, it's it's not. In fact, SpaceX has the potential in the weeks following the IPO to become the largest company in the world, the largest publicly traded company in the world. That that is unbelievable. It has the potential to become larger than Nvidia. Whether or not that will happen will be a matter of the price action that follows in the days and weeks right after the IPO. But because of the way this IPO is being structured, there's a much higher likelihood that we see a lot of momentum and a big squeeze right after the initial public offering. I'm going to explain why as we jump into this class. All right? And this is a class I teach lots of videos on YouTube. I teach videos to members in our community over at Warrior Trading. And for those of you guys who are tuning in for the first time, I'll just briefly introduce myself. My name's Ross Cameron. This is my screen as you could see right here on screen share. We've got a slide deck. We're going to go into the SEC filings. I've got my software on the back right here looking at Tesla. I've got Nvidia right up here. And I am a full-time trader. I funded my first account in 2001, more than 25 years ago. And I'm probably best known for turning an account with less than $600 into over $20 million of profit. I don't want you to assume that my results are typical because they're not. But I would like you to know that you're not just listening to an armchair quarterback on the news who has no skin in the game. I'm actually trading every single day and I will be trading the SpaceX IPO and I may be investing in it as well. That's something that we have to consider. I'm going to walk you through the way I'm thinking about it in this class. Okay, so SpaceX just filed their um S1. This is the registration that gives them the right to sell new securities. And so any company doing an IPO has to file an S1. and the S1 has to file has to follow a certain format so it's easy for investors to compare different S1s uh to each other. Um now SpaceX has deviated from that a little bit in that they've shown on page three a rocket ship. Um page four another rocket ship. Page five a beautiful picture of Starlink which we'll definitely be talking about. I mean this is very colorful. It's very these are fantastic photos. Great photographer. whoever is doing this, well done. Um, not what you typically see in SEC filings, but SpaceX and Elon Musk do things differently. And so, this is definitely going to capture people's attention, will probably be discussed a little bit. Uh, but in any case, you get past all the pictures and then you get to this table of contents which walks you through risk factors that the company is facing. They disclose uh pending litigation, things like that. Um they'll walk you through the financials of the company and they'll walk you through the share structure of the company. Who owns the most shares? One should be surprised. Uh Elon Musk is a 42% shareholder, will be a 42% shareholder after the IPO and um will be in control of all voting on the board of directors because of the ownership of extra shares that have more voting rights. So he is in total control of this company. He will not be allowed he will not allow himself to be in a position where he can't make the ultimate decision and all of that has to be disclosed because you need to know that as an investor going into this company that control is very concentrated among uh well just one individual person here really. So let's go ahead and jump onto this slide deck because I do have a lot I want to share with you and I want to try to be most efficient in use of time. I will have likely follow-up episodes as we get closer to the IPO and we get more information. But this right now is going to set the stage for what will be the biggest IPO in history. And so all traders are certainly going to be thinking about this, me included. We have two schools of thought here. The story with SpaceX. On the one hand, we've got the fundamentals that investors typically care about, which are important. They help us understand and it helps support the current uh IPO price. And then we have the technicals that active traders like myself really care about. And as I mentioned, the way this IPO is being structured is a technical component and that's what giving it the potential to do something really exceptional. And that's what I'm pretty excited about. So big picture, the S1 um disclosed the revenue of for 2025 and Q1 for 2026. And so big picture, uh, SpaceX brought in $18.7 billion in total revenue last year and operated with a net loss of $4.94 billion. Connectivity broken down into the segments that the uh, business operates. Connectivity, which is uh, Starlink, generated 11.4 billion of revenue, representing 61% of the gross revenue for SpaceX. And it generated a profit of 4.42 billion. And I think this is something that's really exciting. This right now is their bread and butter. This is their cash cow. It's producing a lot of cash. Now, they're taking all of that cash and reinvesting it into space and AI, which is a strategic choice. You can either take the cash, build the cash on your balance sheet, you can certainly reinvest it, but they're reinvesting in the company because they believe they can make better use of that money than any other investment, which is probably true. But the net result is that the company is losing money. In fact, they've lost over $30 billion since inception. So this is a company that is currently trading uh in you know in term well it would have it wouldn't have a PE ratio because it doesn't have positive earnings. So when we look at a company like Nvidia and we'll use Nvidia as a comparison it's currently trading at about 33 times um the as a PE ratio. And so when you think about a company that you would be investing in, something that I always think about is if I was going to buy the entire company, the whole thing, not that I could afford it, but if I was going to buy the whole thing, how long would it take for me to pay off that whole company? And often you pay a premium when you buy a company. It's well established. It's got a brand name, everything else. And so you might, in the case of Nvidia, be paying like 33 times multiple, 40 times multiple, whatever the case might be. and you figure okay it would take me 33 40 years to pay off this whole company but you buy it and then you think but if I can increase the earnings then make the company more efficient then I'll pay it off even sooner right so with a company like SpaceX this is a little bit trickier because right now you've got 11.4 4 billion of revenue on Starlink with four4 billion a year of profit and Starlink is not fully scaled. Starlink still has so much more room to grow. Now I personally use Starlink. I have three Starlink subscriptions. I have them on my cars. I have them um on my my Sprinter van which I use for when I take my boys out on trips in the wilderness and up in Canada and Colorado and everywhere else. Starlink has been phenomenal and the total available market for Starlink is huge because Starlink will be I I really believe this Starlink will be the number one internet service provider globally around the whole world and so the total available market is everyone in the world that's huge. So Starlink has a lot of room to grow now again and they've got great profit. So that as a business by itself would be something that I would absolutely invest in. But they're taking all of the profit instead of keeping it and returning it to shareholders in a dividend or something like that. They're reinvesting into space and AI. Now AI is right now their worst division of um SpaceX. It's uh it's it's losing them a lot of money. When we talk about Starlink being the most successful division, I think something that you have to acknowledge is that there is risk. The risk is that in a different administration, remember right now this administration, sort of forget it, but in a Democratic administration, there's no question that Starlink would be at risk of being investigated for anti- monopoly practices. Monopoly practices, it just would be. This is the issue with investing in telecom companies. You invest in Verizon, AT&T. Essentially what those companies have is a it's a regulated and a government approved monopoly. You know when you move to a town you either get Comcast or you know Xfinity or whatever it is. You know it's it's like there that's the service provider for the town. They have a monopoly but the rule with these government authorized monopolies is that the companies have to be paying back the profit they make as dividends to shareholders. So there's a lot of restrictions that come with owning what is essentially a monopoly and and SpaceX being um you know one of the largest companies in the world is no doubt going to be a target from regulators. I mean it already has been but but that's going to continue and it will get worse in a more um and this I should have it be here for billion. It'll get worse in a more um well in a different administration. So that's something to be aware of. Uh but as we know right now the profit from Starlink is being spent on space and AI. In 2025 AI was the biggest loser. However, earlier this year SpaceX announced that they'll be earning 15 billion a year in their contract contract from Anthropic. This will substantially increase the company's earnings in the AI space for 2026 at least their gross revenue. So for Q1 2026, this S1 filing also disclosed how much they've made in the first quarter. So this gives us a lot of perspective on the financials, the financial condition of the company with it with of course not um excluding some really nice pictures again of rockets. Very cool. All right. So here for 2026 connectivity Starlink 3.2 billion in revenue. So on track to be uh an improvement increase over last year. That's great. Profit of 1.9 billion. Okay. Looking good. Space revenue 600 million loss of 600 million. All right. So they're losing money still. AI 800 million in revenue so far and and and a deep loss. Now the problem here is that for Q1 they have a combined total revenue of $4.69 billion and a net operating loss of 4.27 billion. So this shows us that the net losses are increasing here in Q1 versus all of 2025 and the losses since inception are over $30 billion. So this is a company that's losing money. Now as many of you guys know I am often investing well investing I'm often actively trading biotech companies. Biotech companies lose money. They always lose money until and they put all the money that they're raising into research and development just like what SpaceX is doing for space and AI and then all of a sudden boom, you know, lightning strikes and they've got something worth a lot. And to be honest, SpaceX has proven that they can already do that. They've proven it with their launches that they've done, which is, you know, something that nobody else could do. You know, NASA, other government, China, Russia, no one else could do this. But they were able to do both the launch, the landing, the reusing of the rockets. Incredible. They've done it with Starling. You know, I don't know how many of you guys remember Hugheset back in like, I don't know, the early 2000s, but you know, if you had a house that was up in the woods and you didn't have a a hard line, like an actual Verizon telephone line or a cable line, you couldn't get internet unless you used Hughet. And Hughet was garbage. It was satellite internet. And it was horrible. there's no way you could trade on Hugheset. And so when Starling first came out, I was very skeptical. I was like, there's no way. I remember what Huenet was like. I would not use Starlink. And I have been blown away. In fact, the cell phone service is so bad in the area that I live that I mounted a Starlink Mini on the roof of my car. It's plugged into the cigarette lighter. And so now I I can make calls from anywhere. So if I break down in the middle of nowhere, you know, in a canyon road or whatever, I don't have to worry about just being stranded there. So, you know, now Starlink is on United Airlines. How annoyed are you every time you go on a um you know, a Delta flight or American Airlines flight and you you've got no internet? You know, I'm I'm flying this weekend and I'm I assume I'll probably have no internet and not be able to work because I'm not flying on United. it is so annoying in this day and age. So the total available market for Starlink is is huge. Uh so that is doing well but then these other um divisions of the company are struggling. Now just as a comparison let's look at Nvidia. So Nvidia last year did 130 billion in revenue versus the 18 billion of SpaceX and they did 72 billion in net profit. They have a market cap today of $5.3 trillion. They are the biggest company in the world. They have a PE ratio of 33. They have 24 billion shares outstanding and the float is around 23.24 billion shares and the price is $220 a share. This is for Nvidia. Now, we're going to come back to this so keep that in mind. SpaceX does about 22% as much revenue as Nvidia, right? They're they're, you know, they're they're 22% approximately. So if you thought of SpaceX as just a mini version of Nvidia, then their market cap should be about, you know, a fifth of Nvidia. The float would be a fifth of Nvidia and the price would be about a fifth of Nvidia, right? So five billion share float and a $50 per share price. But that would be if they did that same gross that 22% gross revenue and also are making that same um ratio of profit. But SpaceX is not profitable. I mean, they have divisions that are profitable, but as a whole, they're not profitable. So from the perspective of investing in a company to purchase their future cash flow, you're not getting net profit at the end of each year. So then the actual value of SpaceX, you would figure, would be even lower if you use this traditional methodology. Clearly, people are not buying SpaceX because of just the current business alone. Not to not to say the current business isn't something that's interesting, but instead it's because of the future potential of Starlink to become the biggest internet service provider in the world, the future potential of space and the future potential of AI and to be able to have a stake in whatever Elon Musk does. Now, he's he's a, you know, controversial at times and that can hurt his business as we saw with with Tesla in 2020, end of 2024 and 2025. people were burning Tesla um you know showrooms or whatever. It was it was pretty crazy. So that hurt the stock price. You know the his involvement in buying Twitter that hurt Tesla. So we know that he's a he can be a bit of a wild card but he's also just on a like level of productivity. His output is through the roof in terms of what he is able to accomplish. So that's what people are buying. They're buying they're buy they're buying into Elon Musk. So SpaceX right now again just to reiterate you've got this 18.7 billion in revenue and a 4.94 billion in net loss. But what we know is that that could certainly be changed if they made the strategic decision to no longer reinvest in these other portions of the business. But they need to do that in order to achieve what they believe will be significant future growth. So right now the market cap estimate and you can pull this from the S1 is between 1.75 and $2 trillion. SpaceX has a PE ratio that's undefined since it loses money. The shares outstanding will be approximately 15 billion shares and the float which is the estimated shares that are being sold in this initial public offering are between 550 and 650 million shares. The exact number of shares and the price is still to be determined. And here is where things get interesting for traders. Let's go back to that number for one second. So they want to raise 75 to$80 billion. A higher IPO price means fewer shares are sold. So they want to sell the shares at the highest price possible. That way they can sell the fewest shares. So if the IPO price a company receives for the shares that they sell minus the underwriting cost, the way this will work is the company is selling the shares directly to their underwriter. So Goldman Sachs is buying the shares. Goldman Sachs takes the shares and then resells them to institutional investors and to retail investors. So retail is being is being allocated 30% of the shares in the float which is a very high level. I think it's five or six times higher than average. Usually, as you guys probably know, retail traders never get any shares in an IPO. You want to be in an IPO, you know, sucks to be you. You're not an institutional trader. IPOs are almost always reserved, most of the shares, for institutional big money connected traders. That's not true with SpaceX. SpaceX IPO is specifically requiring that 30% of the shares in the float are being reserved for retail traders. which means if you go into your account at Robin Hood or Schwab to request shares in the IPO, you may be able to get some shares. Now, the demand is going to be incredibly high. So, how many shares you might actually get? You might say, "I want a thousand." You might only get 10. So, it's hard to say, but ultimately you'll you'll the shares will be distributed. Whether you get some or not, I don't know. But 30% will go to retail and the remaining 70% will go to institutional traders. And then the day one opening price typically is higher than the IPO price due to the increased demand as the IPO bro date approaches. So let's say they IPO at $114 a share. And then the day the IPO they start saying we're indicating that we're going to open at $140. Now it's $142. It's 144. It's 145. What's happening there is people are already putting their orders in their queue in the queue to buy some shares. And that's what typically happens with these super hyped up IPOs. So people buy shares ahead of time, mostly institutional traders, and then the second it's IPOing, people want it that day. They didn't get shares early and so they drive the price higher. But from a pure technical view, the float is is 15 billion shares and the number of shares being sold to raise 75 to80 billion will be between 550 and 650 million which means the float is approximately 4% of the total shares outstanding. That is a very limited level of supply. This is the very interesting technical component that you have to be aware of. So because of this relatively limited level of supply during a period of high demand, we could see the price in the first 5 to 10 days go up in excess of 100%. I'm not saying that will happen, but we've seen that happen before. I'm going to show you the circle IPO. So circle IPO earlier this year, similarly, relatively small float. And oh, we're going to go to the daily chart on this. On this one, we IPOed and look at the price of this. We went from $60, $70 a share all the way up to over $300 a share in a matter of a couple of weeks. I'm not saying this is what's going to happen with SpaceX. But I will say that when we see companies that do IPOs where the number of shares they're selling is small, you can get this big move right out of the gates. Now, eventually the price usually comes back down. It usually does. And so this is where being an investor and buying up here and holding, not a good spot to be in. Being a trader, getting in and getting out a week later, maybe two weeks later before it starts to drop. That can work. But this is not the place to be a long-term buyer. This is a place to just actively trade it and then come back here six months later, a year later. This is where it starts to get more interesting once we have a level of support. and then you get a nice rally from $40 back up to 140. That's where you're going to have better risk-to-reward ratios. Okay? So, that's typically the case. So, in this instance, let's think about this for a second. There was actually someone who um did something kind of funny. They created a company and in the company they made uh 1 billion shares. So, they created a corporation, filed it. Secretary of State corporation has 1 billion shares. Okay. They then went out on the street and they said, "Would you like to buy one share of my company?" And a woman said, "One share of your company? What are you What are you going to do?" He said, "I'm going to I don't know what he said." He said, "I'm going to do something really incredible." And she said, "Okay, yeah, I'll buy it." How much how much? 20 bucks. 20 bucks. She's like, "All right, I'll I'll take it. $20." And he said, "My company's now worth 20 billion because the share price is $20 a share. I own a billion shares minus one. So, I'm worth $20 billion. Okay, on paper you are, but wait a second, the float is being deter the float is only 4% of uh of of the total shares outstanding. And so what that means is that 4% of the shares are determining the value for the remaining 96% of shares. So with a very tiny float, all of a sudden people are clamoring to get a piece of this action and the price starts squeezing up higher and higher and higher. But what happens when someone actually tries to go and sell 14.9 billion shares or 14.5 billion shares? Now, no, no single person owns that many. But aren't we thinking that eventually these insiders are going to sell? Now, will Elon Musk sell? He probably won't. He would use his shares as collateral and take loans. That's what most of these founders would would do. That's the smart thing to do. So, he's going to own 42% of the company. His shares are not for sale. But what about all the rest? What about all those hedge funds that put in billions of dollars over the last 5 years? Some of their clients are going to want to redeem and take cash and take profit. So, even if they don't want to sell, they're going to be forced to sell. And so, what I expect will happen is we're going to have a problem here at some point. So the relatively limited level of supply during a period of high demand can result in the price making a really big move. Suddenly the market cap could go from 1.752 trillion all the way up to 3.5 4 trillion. I mean it's is it is it possible that SpaceX within the weeks following the IPO could become the most valuable company in the world. Could it become more valuable than Nvidia? Could it break a $5 trillion market cap? It seems unthinkable until you recognize how this is being structured. That only 4% of the total shares, the float, will determine the market cap for the entire stock. So, wouldn't all the insiders just start dumping their shares right away if the stock goes up 100% the first few weeks of trading? They can't. Insiders have a lockout period. This is very important. They cannot sell legally. That means there is a window until the lockout period ends when the only true selling will be from short selling people who believe that the price will go lower and it likely will when the lockout period ends and then from arbitrage market makers and from retail traders who begin actively buying and selling on day one. So let's look at the lockout schedule. So this right here begins at 70 days after the offering. 70 days, 7% becomes available and then as you could see it stair steps up as you go to 90 days, 105 days, 120 days, 135 days and 180 days. This was all part of the filings. So the only uh lockout here is 10% getting unlocked if the stock closes 30% above the IPO price on 5 to 10 days trading post after the 630 earnings. So that's pricebased. All the others are timebased. So we can expect that 180 days after the IPO, six months after the IPO that the price will probably be falling and it might continue to fall and there will be short sellers likely who try to anticipate this drop. So how much volume does SpaceX need in order to support the current price without falling? In order to support the billions of shares that will be sitting at record profits, it would need hundreds of millions of shares of volume every day to support even just a modest amount of selling. So Nvidia does about 200 million shares of volume a day. If you if you had 15% of that volume straight selling, it would suppress the price. If it was more than 15%, the price would really be dropping quickly and shorts would see that and they would take advantage of it. So these insiders are going to want to sell, but they don't want to, you know, hurt their they don't want to hurt the stock either. So they have to unwind slowly. So what you're likely going to see is months and months of consistent heavy selling at maybe 20 30 million shares a day. And it's going to take months and months and months at 20 to 30 million shares a day to get billions of shares out the door. Now there will be some there will be no doubt um some offmarket trades where you know an institution says hey we got to get rid of a block of 500 million shares. Does your institution want it? and they do it and it's it's not going to go through the market. It'll print later, but there will be those types of transactions, offmarket transactions, but there will also be insiders that are selling right on the open market. So, as the lockout day approaches, I would expect heavy short selling. And as the lockout day period periods expire, lockout periods expire, I would expect heavy selling from insiders. This is not uncommon with IPOs like I just showed you with the circle IPO. they IPO usually they have a very small uh the the actual tradable float is very small and you don't have insiders selling and the company's not doing secondary offerings right immediately on the IPO so you have a window where you can have some really dramatic price action and then it falls it falls over and it rolls over and so the typical chart for an IPO looks like this you you IPO well actually you IPO here a little hyped up you rally up then you unwind you go below the IPO price, then you base out and then you start moving up. This is the place to be an investor long-term. This first leg here is the place just to be, in my opinion, a trader. This is just my opinion. It's not a guaranteed this is what's going to happen, but this is based on what I've seen in the past. So, is SpaceX a long-term buy at the open? In my opinion, no, it's not. It's going to be too expensive. It's a long-term buy after the lockout period ends, and we see how many people decide to sell. Ultimately, maybe a lot of the shareholders say, "I'm just going to hold on this thing and see if it turns into the next Nvidia or Tesla." But my guess is that people are going to see how much they're up. They're going to want to take profit off the table. And so, when that happens, you're going to see the price start to drop. So, my feeling with these IPOs is they present an opportunity, an opportunity for volatility. And so, I have to manage my risk, but I will be actively trading the SpaceX IPO. The only things that would stop me is if the spreads are too big. So when I'm using the level two, it's just too much risk. And so if I can't manage my risk, I won't take the trade. But as long as I can manage the risk, I will be trading the SpaceX IPO. And then come six months, maybe a little bit later, eight months, that's when I'm going to start thinking about, is this a time that I can buy this for the long-term hold. I would love to hear your opinions. You may have opinions that are very different from me on this. What do you think about Elon Musk? What do you think about SpaceX? Are you going to trade it? You going to buy it? What are you going to do? You tell me in the comments below. If you found this episode helpful, if this helps you better understand the SpaceX IPO and get prepared, I hope you hit the thumbs up. I hope you subscribe to the channel. And hey, if you want to watch me while I'm trading it live, I have twoe trials right here at Warrior Trading. So during that trial, you can watch over my shoulder while I'm trading. You'll have access to this same software right here. So you can see as I'm getting in, as I'm getting out, and on the day of the IPO, it's going to be pretty exciting. With that, I'll remind you as always that trading is risky and my results aren't typical. So, please manage your risk and always practice as simulator before putting real money on the line. I will see you for the next episode real soon.