Title: How to Read Technical Indicators on Candlestick Charts
Views: 114632
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=LNDd7rf-9FU
======================================================================

[Music] In today's episode, I'm going to teach you how to read technical indicators and how to utilize them in your own trading to gain an edge so you have more confidence and conviction on your entries and your exits. Now, the way I'm going to teach you how to read technical indicators is not by teaching you every indicator under the sun. I'm going to focus on teaching you the indicators that you'll get the most bang for the buck from. The indicators that are the most widely used and respected in the financial markets. Now, the reason that we like technical indicators is because they help us make more accurate predictions about what's going to come next on a chart. Let me give you an example, and this is going to be kind of an interesting one just to kind of get your head around this. So, I'm going to write a word here, and I want you to try to predict the full word that I'm going to write. So, this is the word right here, and I'm going to begin writing it, and you try to take a guess at what I'm going to type, what I'm going to uh print. What do you think this word's going to be? Understand? And understand. So that word was understand. Now even when I only had written this much, you were able to make a prediction of what was going to come next. Now there were only a couple of options of what was going to come next. I could have written understate, understated, or understand. But what if we came back here and we added a little more context like adding the words I don't? I don't. Now you know exactly what's coming next. And you know what? That's what candlestick charts plus technical indicators give you. So, you may wonder, how is it that some traders are able to just make so much money in the market? How are they able to maintain accuracy of 70%, 75%. Over the last 30 days, my accuracy has been 76%. And it's because I can actually visualize into the future what's coming next. But it's not just a a magic skill. It's through having learned all of these patterns. Well, not in this instance, but all the patterns on the indicators that you're about to learn today. Now, we're going to go ahead and jump right in. And as I jump in, I want to warn you, caution you of a mistake a lot of beginner traders make. So through this class, this will be interactive where I'm pulling up charts and creating the indicators on there so you get to read them. But you know, something a lot of traders do is they go over to their chart, they pop on the indicator tab, and they just start clicking. They start clicking these indicators, and next thing you know, this chart is going to start looking pretty crazy. Why do traders do this? I can't tell you the number of traders that have sent me charts that look like this and they'll say to me, "Ross, you wouldn't believe it, but every time these indicators line up like this, the stock goes up." It doesn't have to be a stock because you can apply indicators to really any financial market. You could be trading forex, futures, cryptocurrency, doesn't matter. But the point is they get themselves into this frame of thinking, this mindset of thinking that if they have all of these indicators, this will give them essentially the green light to buy or the red light to sell. Why are they doing it? So, I'm going to be real with you. The reason they're doing it is because of a deep-seated fear of loss. They're afraid of losing money. And I understand being afraid of losing money, but what it ends up doing is it puts them on the hunt for what I'd call the holy grail. that perfect combination of indicators that'll never be wrong. It'll never let you down. You'll always have winners. And that doesn't exist. I know because I spent some time earlier in my career searching for the same thing. I did it at a time when I didn't have a lot of money. I couldn't afford to take loss. And so, I was a very nervous trader. So, I'll tell you something. When it comes to learning how to trade, it does take time. You've got to pay your dues. You've got to study. You've got to gain that experience. And you got to start with smaller size, a level of risk that you're comfortable with. You will have losses. There's no avoiding it. But technical indicators can give you an edge, but they're not going to push you all the way to 100% accuracy. I haven't seen anyone who's been able to maintain that. Even billionaire investors don't hit 100%. It's just not the way it works. So, let's go ahead and jump into this slide deck here, and I'm going to start walking you through how to read technical indicators. As I said, technical indicators when combined with candlestick charts will give you an edge on predicting price action. So, one of the really cool things about trading is that when we're trading, we really only see part of the pattern. So, we see half of it and we have to make the projection, the prediction of what's going to happen next. So, let's say we see something like this. So, now this is the candlestick pattern. All right. What more data can the market give me that would help me? Well, I could get volume. So one of the indicators that we use although we don't think of it as a traditional indicator are volume bars. That just simp simply tells us the amount of shares that traded during each candlestick period. So volume bars help paint a picture in this particular case. What are they telling us? High volume buying, light volume selling. What if it was inverted? If it looked like that, that tells a very different story. So, even though most people don't think of volume as an indicator, so to speak, I want you to I don't want you to disregard its importance. It is very important to have volume on all of your candlestick charts. So, what we're going to start doing here is building out a candlestick chart with all of the proper indicators. And this is our starting point right here. We've got traditional candlestick charts. I'm on a one minute time frame, but I could just as easily be on a five minute or even a daily. That doesn't really matter because the indicators will be pretty much the same across the board. And you can see at the bottom pane I have my volume bars. And my volume bars are not set to all be the same color. They will be colored based on the candle that uh the way the candle closed. So if the candle is green, the volume bar will be green. Okay? So that's important. Now back over here, let's just say we've got this nice volume profile and then we look at one of our technical indicators. Let's say it's our our one of our moving averages, which is the first indicator I'm going to teach you. And let's just say it's showing like this. What this would tell me is that now we have a level of technical support provided by the moving average. So the support is right down here. So what I might say to myself is if this candle makes a new high right here, let's just say it starts to pop up, what can I expect? probably a couple of candles moving higher, especially given the fact that there were two candles moving up initially, two candles of pullback, two candles back up and then we might see two candles coming back down, two candles coming back down, dip down to there and then we might see another two candles coming up. We often see this pattern, three green candles, two red candles, three green candles, two red candles. So whatever pattern the the chart already is maintaining often will continue. So, would you have been able to take this trade without the moving average there? Well, I suppose you certainly could, but that moving average, what does it serve to do? It gives you con context, and that in turn gives you more confidence. If you have more confidence and more conviction, you're going to feel better taking the trade. You're going to feel better taking bigger size, and therefore, you'll probably make more money. That sounds like a win-win. All right, so let's start popping those moving averages on the charts. Moving averages display the average price of a stock over a set period of time. And again, I say stock because I trade stocks. But if you apply this to a different financial market, just think of it um as you know your currency, cryptocurrency, futures um contract or forex pair, whatever the case may be. Uh I I'll say this if you haven't heard me say it already. Technical analysis and candlestick charts are the universal language of the financial markets. They really are. So it doesn't matter if you're trading forex, futures, cryptocurrency, or you're trading a stock like I am, you can implement and apply what you learn today to any different financial market. Even if you're not trading, you know, in in the US market, you're trading from international or somewhere else. Candlesticks and technical analysis, they're the universal language of the markets. So you're learning something that's very powerful and can be applied to many different um many different financial instruments. So the moving average is going to display the average price of a stock over a set period of time. Okay? So if we jump back onto our whiteboard here, let's just think about this. So if we have a chart where the price is moving up right here, 1 2 3 4 and then it pulls back a little bit, dips down, and then it moves back up. So if we took right here at this point, you say, Ross, I want to know what is the five moving average. So it's a five MA. The moving average is five periods. And so we go back 1 2 3 4 5. So what's the average price over these last five candles, right? So it's probably like right here. And in fact, the average price is probably going to stay pretty close to the current price if you only have five candles. But if you said, "Ross, what's the average price over the last, you know, 20 candles, right? A 20 MA." Well, now you've got to average all of these candles going back even further. And so, it's probably down here. So, you often end up seeing moving averages sort of like this that the shorter the time frame, the closer they'll be to the current price. So, what are the moving averages that I utilize in my trading? Well, let me just erase this and then I'll show you. So, the first one that I utilize is the nine. The second one, and I'll do it in blue because blue is the color that I have it in on my charts, is the 20. And the third one, which is almost always way down farther away, is the 200, the 200 period moving average. So, the 200 is taking the average price over the last 200 candles and calculating it. So at this current moment right here, that price is what is the average price over the last 200 candles. So of course, every minute in real time, these prices are updating as the price of the um of the instrument that you're looking at is updating. So these prices are constantly changing. Now, when it comes to moving averages, the way we put them on our chart is simply by going to uh the top of well, mo, it depends on which platform you're on, I suppose. Um, but typically you can go there's a a spot where you can click on the indicators over on Thinkorswim. They call it studies, but you click on this and then you type in moving averages. So, oh my goodness. Wow. All right. So, you suddenly realize there's 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 nine 10 plus different moving averages. Which one do we want? So, traditionally there are two that are common. There's a simple um so well actually I think it's just called moving average. So there's just the moving average right here which is a simple moving average. And a simple moving average is the most simple uh mathematical formula. It just calculates the average price over that period of time. So if you clicked on this and then you double click on it, you set the time which is the length. So nine would be a nine period moving average. So it's going to factor the last nine candles and it's going to be based on the close of those last nine candles which is the correct calculation. And so the only problem uh however is that most day traders most active traders find that a moving average with the traditional calculation is a little slow to respond to price action. And the reason is because it's just taking the average price over the last 20 periods. So there's a different formula which is called the exponential moving average and it moves exponentially faster as the current price is moving. What it does is it actually weights the more recent candles more heavily in the formula. So the recent price action weighs more heavily. So instead of essentially a a typical nine moving average, you know, might be kind of like really slow to move, the exponential is going to be much faster. So, I like to use the exponential moving average as do most active day traders. So, that means when we go onto our chart, we want to type in moving average. And then we want to look for exponential. And that's the that's the one right there. So, I click on that. And then once I click on it, I double click on the uh the trend line. And I'm going to leave it at nine because that's correct. All of this is correct. And now I'm going to go over to the style and I'm just going to change the color and I'm going to make it gray on my chart. And I'm gonna make it, if you want, you could make it just a little bit thicker. So I'm gonna make it a little bit thicker there. So that's my nine exponential moving average. That's the first one. So now we actually got to add a couple more. So I've already got them added to my chart. So we're going to add We've got the nine. We're going to add now the 20. We're going to add the 200. So you can see how the 20 and this is an example of something where the price is going down. Let's look at something where the price has gone up. So it's a little bit easier, more uh to visualize. So the 9 EMA right here, the exponential moving average basically stays very close to the current price. It kind of rides right underneath the low of the of the price. And because of that, the nine exponential moving average is typically seen as a level of support. This is support. As long as the price stays above it, it's bullish. If the price breaks below, that's a problem. But as long as it stays above it, it's bullish. The 20 exponential moving average is a little bit further down, which makes sense because it lags behind. The nine is tight and the 20 averaging the last 20 candles does lag a bit behind. And the 20 moving average essentially is our second level of support. So if the nine moving average breaks, the next level of support is the 20. And if the 20 breaks, then we've got a problem. And we'll talk about what happens uh in in a moment. But if I take these uh moving averages back off, the problem that I have with looking at a chart with no moving averages is that I feel like there's no context. It feels like the chart is not anchored to anything. Like I'm I'm sort of lacking scale and understanding of sort of where this all is. It's it's it's incredible how used to seeing those indicators I am that when I don't see them, it's a problem. So, I'm going to put them back on the 9, the 20, and the 200. And we're going to keep them on the charts. And they stay on all time frames. So, the one minute, the five minute, the daily chart, I keep these on all of my time frames. And you'll find that typically um when the price when the 9 EMA is right, holding as support, that's the time where I'm going to be focusing on trading. So, right now, you've got a little pullback right there where the 9 EMA is support, the 20 EMA is down below, the 200 is way down a bit lower. So now I'm going to move this back up here and I'm going to show you a few examples of different ways that I utilize the moving averages. So you've already learned that I have three different settings. The 9 EMA, the 20 EMA, and the 200. And these really are the most common settings that most traders utilize. So they're not obscure. It's not just some custom random setting that I chose. These are the uh these are the three most common that traders have been using for for since long before I even started trading and I funded my first account in 2001. So it's it's been a while. So this is the 200 EMA. We call it an EMA just to clarify that it's an exponential moving average whereas an SMA would be a simple moving average. So the the EMA the 200 EMA is a very wellrespected level of resistance on the daily chart. So when uh when the price is trading below the 200 EMA, the 200 EMA serves as resistance to the upside. Resistance. So if I pulled up this chart right here right now, and someone said, "Hey, this looks good. I think I should buy it." Blah blah blah. I would say, "Nah, we've got a problem. The 200 is pretty close. I It's, you know, it's a little too close." Now, there's some instances where the 200 is uh pretty far away and so you actually have a lot of room for the price to move up before it runs into the resistance of the 200. But in this instance, the 200 is really too close. So, I wouldn't be able to take a trade on that. Here's another example. So, here we've got the 200 moving average and then we see how it popped above it, came back below it. And the fact that the candle closed below this resistance level reaffirms that it's resistance. Yes, it broke, but it didn't hold. And now the price is back below it. So, resistance at the 200 EMA. Here's another one. Resistance at the 200 EMA. So, imagine for a moment that you're trading without the 200 EMA. You don't even have it on your chart. So, now you're looking at this on a daily chart and you're thinking, "Oh, I should buy this at 12." Hold up. There's a huge stop sign right here. And other traders see it. And if you don't see it, what's going to happen? You're going to blow through that stop sign. You're going to crash. You're going to lose money because you haven't learned the right way to see and visualize these charts and to have these moving averages which provide context. There's another example right there. I could show you a million examples. It happens all the time. Now, on the flip side, where we have resistance at the 200 when we're below it, we also have support at the 200 when we're above it. So, now if you were a buyer down here, you're buying just above support. That means you're buying low. That's always good to buy low and be able to sell high. So, buying off the 200 is great. And it is possible, and it does happen from time to time, that the 200 EMA will break during the day. The times it's most likely to happen is if there's a really strong catalyst, if there's breaking news and it's fantastic. Now, again, that is that's really the only way it's going to happen. Otherwise, the 200 EMA is just going to be a resistance point. You're not going to be able to break it. Here's another one. Resistance at the 200, resistance at the 200, resistance at the 200. It's just it's tried and true. It's a resistance level. So, you've got to map that. pop that on your chart and make sure you're always checking the 200 before you take a trade. So, what that ends up meaning for me, um I'll show you an example actually today. Um so, let's see. I'll just pop this over here. So, right here, um on this on this chart right here, you can see uh this was the 200 moving average right there. And you can see how the price dipped below it and then broke above it, closed above it, and today it dipped down holding support. And that's good. It's holding the support at that level. So that's what we like to see. I'll do another one here. Um, this one today was able to break through the 200. This is an interesting one. Uh, this is a company. It's a United States company based in Texas and Oklahoma that produces rare earth materials that are used in manufacturing. So right now we're going through this um tariff hike on international imports of rare earth materials which means a US company producing them domestically that's a catalyst and that's strong enough to break through the 200. So having that 200 EMA is very important. We always want to have that perspective. All right. So there's the resistance there. Now the 9 EMA and the 20 EMA are something that I use more on my intraday time frames, my intraday charts, including the one minute and the five minute. So right here we you can see probably uh you probably vis visualize this. This is one of my traditional candlestick chart patterns where we've got this nice rally up and then a little bit of a pullback. By the way, for those of you guys tuning in, if you haven't already downloaded my technical analysis PDF, that's a PDF. over 100 pages that's going to walk you through and something you can download and print out if you'd like. It's going to share with you my top three most popular candlestick chart patterns, the ones that not are my most popular because they're my most profitable. And it's also going to walk you through these technical indicators and share with you really in a lot of detail the way I perform my technical analysis on a daily basis. And one of the things that you're going to learn when you download that PDF is that technical analysis works the best when you apply it to the right instrument. So this is important. If you try to apply this technical analysis to an instrument, and by instrument a stock or a forex pair or a cryptocurrency that has no volume, you're not going to see good follow-through. We need the volume. We need it to be an obvious instrument. So there needs to be a lot of people watching it because that's when these indicators that you get the most bang for your buck from, that's when they really shine. So, I'll put a link. I'll pin it to the top of the comments and I'll also put it in the top of the description where you can download my ultimate technical analysis PDF. You'll also be able to download my five pillars of stock selection watching walking you through the type of stocks that I like to trade in my own trading. And there's a few other indicators um and PDFs that are part of that library of PDFs that you guys can uh download. So, I think you'll enjoy that and you're welcome to download them, print them out, and use them in your own trading. So in this case here, we've got this nice pattern, right? We got this bull flag pattern. So four candles up, three candles down, and we base out right there off the 9 EMA. So that uh white line there is the 9 exponential moving average serving as what? Support. So that's support right there. First candle to make a new high. Boom. We get that squeeze up to 23. I love it. Here's another example. All right, so look at that nine moving average down there. It's right underneath where I'm drawing. That is support. So look at the price dips down to support, rallies up, dips down to support, rallies up. So these are already the candlestick chart patterns that I teach and that I trade every day. But now we have more context because we've got support right at that moving average right here. It's holding it up. So it's like the stock isn't breaking down because it has the support of the moving average. So that gives me even more conviction to take that position. So that's what I love to see. This is another great example where we get that dip right off that support level. So you can see how we've got the support right there. That yellow line, the um the white line. Now the yellow line, I'm going to show you um next. This one's kind of interesting. So there's another dip right there and then rallying back up. Now if the 9 EMA breaks as it broke right here, the 20 is the next level of support. So see how the 9 EMA broke there, the 20 was the next level of support. So that's why we really like to have the 20. That way we have perspective of what will be the next level of support if this keeps going lower. So here again, you've got the 9 EMA, we hold nine, and then we kind of pop up, we break below, and now we've got the 20 holding as support. And something that's also interesting is that when we pull back to the 20 moving average on the one minute chart, typically at that moment, the five-minute chart has pulled back to the nine. So if we jump back on the whiteboard here, something that I find kind of interesting is this concept of multi-time frame alignment. So we've got multi- Oops, sorry, I always have a hard time with Anyways, it doesn't matter. I'll just draw it out for you. So this is going to be our five minute chart and our one minute chart. Sometimes it's hard to write while I'm talking. All right. So, on the one minute, we've got this nice pop up, moves higher, and then uh grab the red. We're going to dip down a little bit, pop back up, pop back up, dip back down, dip back down, back up, and back up, and then back down, back down. So, let's just say in this instance here, this was our 9 EMA. We went below it, and now we're coming down to support at the 20. So this is our one minute chart. All right, the pattern kind of broke. Didn't work the way we wanted. But over on the fivem minute, what do we have? We've got a green candle here with maybe a little upper candle wick. And then we've got a let's say small red candle and another small red candle. Right? So now all of a sudden on the five minute chart, we're coming down to the 9 EMA. Remember the the average price over the last nine candles on the five-minute chart encompasses a lot more time and a lot more price action. Therefore, the 9 EMA on the five minute will be different than the 9 EMA on the one minute. The 9 EMA on the one minute is nine candles, nine one minute candles. It's only 9 minutes a time. So, the price is going to be different. So, that's the 9 EMA on the one minute. And so now what you end up having having happen is the formation of what could be a picture perfect bull flag on the five minute time frame. So this is where we get multi-time frame alignment. And so it's very common that you'll see a pattern on the one minute where you've got support a little further down around the 20 and on the five minute this is a picture perfect setup. So that's what we like to see. All right. Now let's take this a step further. Let's add an additional indicator. The next indicator I'm going to teach you is the volume weighted average price. The acronym is VWAP. So the volume weighted average price is like a moving average. This is an average price of stock. However, what's unique is that it takes into account the amount of volume that occurred at each price. So like an exponential moving average, it gives us a lot more information than just a simple moving average. I have the the VWAP volume weight average price as an orange line on my chart right there. So it's that orange line. So this is considered the equilibrium point of this instrument today. This is the exact average price factoring in all of the prices that have traded and the amount of volume that traded at these different prices. So it's sort of it it adds that extra layer of factoring in the volume that was traded. And so investors and traders alike utilize the volume weight average price to understand essentially the context. So think about this. Anytime the price is above the volume weight average price, who's in control? The buyers, the bulls strength. Anytime the price is below its equilibrium, it's below the VWAP. Who's in control? The bears, the short sellers. It's weak. So, what's very common is that when a stock is right at the VWAP and it's below it, that the VWAP serves as resistance. And when the price is above it and coming down to it, the VWAP serves as support. And sometimes when we see the V the the price try to break the VWAP, it's a real tug-of-war between buyers and sellers. Buyers who are thinking, if this breaks, we're back in control. And shorts who are saying, we don't want to let this break. We don't want to lose control. So, you get a lot of volume and a real tugof-war until it's determined who ultimately is the stronger between the bears or the bulls. So, I use the volume weight average price on all of my intraday time frames. But what is interesting is that this is an intraday indicator only. It is not an indicator that works on daily charts. So, the way we set it up, I use Warrior Trading WTVWAP. This is a custom calculation that we've added here. So, we go over to indicators and we go to WT worry trading custom VWAP. So, we're going to pop that on there and I'm going to change the color of this. Oops, don't hide it. I'm going to change it to Well, I've already changed it right here and make it orange. So, the way you would do that, you just click on it. You change the color to orange. If you want to make it a little more bold, you can make it a little bit more bold. So, I've always had it as orange on my charts, and that's just an important line in the sand. Now, in this case, the price is clearly above VWAP, well above VWAP. It's the 9 EMA and the 20 are more relevant right now. VWAP is is is kind of far away. Um earlier today, it was below VWAP, got above it, back below it, then came back above it. So, there was a little battle right here, but then it pretty firmly held above it, and from that point on, it's it's been really strong. So, so that's this is now again adding just one more data point. So, as I'm taking a trade, I'll ask myself, what's the position of my moving averages? What's the position of my daily 200? Are we above or below? If we're above it, that's good. If we're below it, we need a lot of room to get up to it. What's the position of the nine and the 20? What's the position of the 200 intraday? What's the position of the VWAP intraday? So, this is going through. It's almost like a flight pre-flight checklist. everything needs to check out for me to take a trade. And so, I'll tell you, I actually spend a lot of time talking myself out of trades, saying, "No, it doesn't look good, or it looks good, but it doesn't meet this one criteria." And it really needs to meet all of them for me to feel very confident taking a trade. So, that's our VWAP. Um, and you can see right here, this is an example of the volume weight average price. So, first we get this squeeze up, then we get this little pullback right here. And that is a great opportunity to buy that trade, take that position. That is a we call that a classic micro pullback. First candle to make a new high. Then the price drops. We go below VWAP. We come back up right here. We got that high volume break of VWAP. A ton of volume comes in as we break VWAP. And then we're back below it. Back above it. Back below it. Up to it. Rejection. See that high volume rejection on that candle there? Big red candle. It rejects dramatically. Then it comes back up and VWAP is back in the hand of the bulls. And then it drops down. And then it's back up. And then this is where shorts cover. They finally give up and it goes into the hands of the bulls and this thing goes from 450 up to 650 for a massive win. And this is all about that tug-of-war of who's in control, the bears or the bulls. Here's another example. So, who's in control? Certainly the bulls. It pulls back here. And what do we say about this pullback? Right down to the 9 EMA. That's a great pullback. Light volume more or less on the selling. Higher volume comes in as it rallies back up. We're well above the VWAP. Just a great pattern. Then we come back down. We break the nine. We come back down to the 20. We break the 20. In fact, the nine crosses below the 20. So now we're getting more bearish. We break below VWAP. We pop back up. We dip back down. Now we're on the weaker side. Something that is worth noting is when you have this inversion where your moving averages move against each other. So we we always want to be trading essentially this kind of ribbon where the nine is above the 20 which is above the 200. When they start crossing each other that usually is indicative that a stock is not going to work anymore. So here's another example of VWAP. There's a battle above and below VWAP. Each time this tried to get above it, it drops back below it. It's just it doesn't it's like it's a real struggle. So, if you didn't have that indicator on your chart, you might have not understood why this was so difficult in this area. And this is back now to using the VWAP plus our moving averages. So, now we're kind of compiling multiple data points. So, we already looked at this chart. We had our 9 EMA, the gray line, and now we've got the VWAP, and they're both but both basically at the same spot. So, that provides additional confirmation that this is going to be a level of support. And this ends up going from 380 all the way up to $5 a share. That's fantastic. We love seeing that. No complaints there. So now you know moving averages. You know the volume weighted average price. Those are two of your most common indicators. Now I'm going to share with you the moving average convergence divergence indicator. The acronym is MACD. So MACD is an oscillating indicator. It goes up and down, up and down all day long. But it's considered a lagging indicator in that it lags behind price action. So the the source of truth for every chart ultimately well you've got to look at the candlestick charts. So the candlestick chart is going to be the source of truth and the indicator requires the close of these candles before it can update its calculation. Remember how it's based on the close of a candle. So until the candle closes, your calculation's not going to be complete. So here your candle's moving around, but it's not closed yet. So calculation can't complete. But even to take it a step further is actually pulling up your market data feed right here is where ultimately all of all of the data exists. So this is like learning how to read level two market data, which is something you could do after watching this class. So to take your learning a step further. So given that indicators tend to lag slightly behind price action, we have to understand that MACD is going to give slower signals and fewer signals. It takes time for this indicator to create a positive or negative signal. So let me show you the way I I formulate it. So we put the MACD on our chart. We go up here, we click on indicators, and you can type in MACD. Boom. You pop it on right there. There it is. All right. So, when you double click on it, it's going to give you the going to give you the inputs. 12 26 9 source is closed. All right, that's it. That's what you use. Now, you could, if you want to change this around, you could change this to some odd number, but don't do that. Nobody does that. That would not be smart. You don't want to change it to something that's different from what everyone else is using. You want it to be the same because you want to see the same signals that other people are seeing, right? So, I kind of think of technical analysis as being like the rules of the road. The reason stop lights work is because people respect them. The reason stop signs work is because people respect them. Of course, every now and then you'll have someone that blows through a stop sign like an idiot and they usually get punished for it. And that's what happens to you if you're a beginner trader and you're trading with real money and you're not using technical indicators and you don't know how to read candlestick charts. You're buying where everyone else is selling because there's an obvious sell sign there, but you don't see it because your eyes not been trained. Now, that doesn't have to be the case after today. So, the calculation is 12 26 and 9. And it's been this is the standard MACD calculation that pretty much everyone uses. So, that's what we want to use and we just leave it at that. So now we're looking at a candlestick chart and we're again layering on more information. Now in this case um our MACD is down here at the bottom right down here. And what we're seeing on the MACD is a histogram. The green red green red green red. So what is that histogram telling us? The histogram is telling us whether or not the MACD here moving average is above the signal is above the average line. So, anytime it's above the average line, this is going to be a green light essentially. When it's below, it's a red light. When it's back above, it's green. When it's back below, it goes red. And sort of it's flat here. And then it's very strongly green and it's very strongly red. I like these big swings here because that's when I do really well. And one of the things that I learned trading during the last bare market was that if I only traded when the MACD was positive, I did a lot better. What I would tend to do prior to that bare market is when something was selling off like this, I would keep trading it and kind of look for that curl back up. But I was trading it after this crossover and once the MACD had gone into the negative. And while that worked okay in a hotter market, in a colder market, I would give back a lot of profit and it was unnecessary. So at this point, the MACD is one of the more important indicators that I use in my trading every single day. I primarily use it on the one minute chart, but you can use it on the five minute as well, and you can use it on the daily if you'd like, but it's it's used more commonly for active day trading. So the the way we use the MACD is to only trade when the signal is positive. So, if I pull this up here, there are other things that you could do if you wanted to. You could go into your settings here. Let's just double click this for instance, and you could say, well, I don't really need to see the line. I just want to see I don't need to see the the MACD or the signal line. I just want to see the histogram. I'll only trade when it's green. And in a sense, by doing that, you kind of have like a little bit of a red light, green light, right? You're saying, I'm only going to trade when this is when this is green. Um, so you could adjust the opacity and have this like really front and center for you and you know you Yeah, you you won't miss it. Um, that's that's one way to do it. And you know, I mean, okay, you could do that if you wanted to. Um, for me, I leave the signal line on here. And the reason is because I like to be able to visually see sort of how how high above the MACD is above the signal. uh like uh sorry above it. Yeah, it's it's it's signal line. Um this is the signal is a moving average. It's a slower moving average. So I like to see how far above it is and how big of a crossover we're getting. And I can just visualize that better when I'm seeing the two lines versus just looking at the histogram. So that's me personally, but you can do, you know, as you wish. But this is what this is the way most traders have it set up. And yes, some traders will overlap it like this. I've seen people do that. They put everything on top of it each other. And look, I I understand saving space on your screen, but then you get into areas like this where you just can't see a darn thing, and that doesn't feel very productive. I'm a big advocate of keeping it simple, and I think this is a better way to view it. So, now let's look at some more examples of the MACD. So, right here, this begins moving up on breaking news. So, what happens? And maybe what I should do is take a moment to kind of explain how the MACD is actually created like what what is actually happening. So what the MACD is doing it's called the MACD moving average convergence divergence indicator convergence divergence indicator. So it's measuring if the moving averages are diverging and moving apart or if they're converging and moving together. So let's go on to our chart here and just do an example. So I'll just do an example of uh uh the price moving up quickly. So if you had prior to this the price was going sideways then essentially your 20 would have been sideways right and your nine would have been sideways because the price was going sideways and then all of a sudden the price starts to move up and the nine moves quickly but the 20 because it's averaging these longer stretch of candles moves a little bit slower. So what's happening here is they are doing what? They're diverging. they're moving apart. So when your MACD So when these moving averages are moving apart, that's when your oscillating indicator, which is the one that's down on the lower pane, uh down here, is starting to swing up. And your signal, which moves a little bit slower, is kind of going like this, and then like this, and then like this. So the signal is the slower moving average. So when they're moving apart, it's like that. And then as the price starts to soften back down, well, all of a sudden, what happens to your 9 EMA, that starts to come back down as well, right? So then all of a sudden they start, well, it's a little bit slower. They start converging. So right in this area, when they start converging, you come back down and you could come back all the way to a crossover. So now they cross over and they're negative, right? And then they cross again. And that happens with the moving averages where all of a sudden the 9 EMA will come back down. It'll be below and then it'll come back up above. So we see this frequently. And so the times when I found that I make the most money are these little windows right here when the MACD is positive. Right in here, right in here. So this is what we really want to pay attention to. And the MACD is basically a simple calculation that makes it very easy to visually see what's happening with the moving averages. Again, you if you wanted to, you could just have those exact moving averages, the 9, the 26, and then uh the 12 on your chart and then be visually looking at them. But this is just so much easier, and this is what most traders are using, and it doesn't conflict with the other moving averages that we need on our charts. So this is how I'm doing it and I really find this to be an incredibly valuable indicator. So when the MAC when the this first starts popping up, the MACD immediately moves positive, right? See how the nine is moving apart from the 20, right? And then we pull back and they don't really start to come back together until like right here, right? That's where they start to come back together. And in this case on the MACD signals uh and the moving averages that are used, they go it goes negative. So it goes negative and then right here at the open it goes positive again right there. So boom, it goes positive and all of a sudden you get that quick squeeze all the way up to there. Fantastic. And then right there it goes negative and that's where I'm done. So this can be really helpful for me because I'll sometimes look at this and I'll say, "Wait a second. This has gone negative. I've got to stop trading. I I've got to leave this thing alone. It's I'm not going to overtrade the backside of the move." So sometimes the candlesticks will fake me out because I'll just look really really zoomed in on that candlestick and I'm like, "Oh, that pattern I like." But it's like, "Wait a second. What's the context?" Right? The big picture context is that the price is coming back down. The MACD is negative. It's negative because the moving averages have gone have gone have converged like this and coming to the downside. So, and even crossed over potentially. So, I really should not trade it in this position. So here again, we've got our MACD and our moving averages. So now we're combining. All right. So we've got our green candles, the pullback to the nine. Should we take this trade? Well, we're definitely above the volume weight average price. No issue there. The volume looks great. And what's our MACD? It's wide open. So yeah, I think this is a trade that we can feel good taking right down there. And boom, that's the entry and that's the squeeze going up. Here's another one. So moving averages and MACD combined. So, we've got the moving averages. It pulls back down to the 20 support. Comes back up. Pulls back here. Right there's our entry off the TW off the 9 EMA. Is the MACD open? It sure is. And we get that nice resolution. So, that's what we want to see where we're just essentially having multiple indicators reaffirming that what we're thinking makes sense. So, this starts to squeeze up. MACD is moving away. High volume buying. Most likely there's a catalyst behind this. There's breaking news. It squeezes higher down up to 11, pulls back here. MACD is still open during the pullback and then it pushes a little bit higher there up to 14. Now, if the MACD had crossed negative right here, that might have put this setup in question. And it would have gone negative if it had gone sideways a little longer. And if it had gone sideways a little longer, that would have told us there's more indecision. Traders are buyers and bulls are no longer in control. But they stayed in control and we got that next leg up. Here's another one right here. So now we've got the pullback at the 9 EMA, the support, the VWAP, and the MACD is negative. Check, check, check. We are ready for liftoff. This is what we want to see. And boom. That's the entry. So this is how I love teaching. I love teaching you the building blocks so you can understand each of the components and you can see how they come together. All right. So now let's look at the next indicator, the relative strength index. The relative strength index is an indicator that is especially popular for timing trend reversals. So that means counter trend traders love using RSI. So RSI, relative strength index, it tells us the relative strength or weakness of whatever you're trading is again stock, futures contract, currency pairs, cryptocurrency, doesn't matter. It's telling you the strength and it's measured on a scale of 0 to 100. Below 20 is considered oversold. So if it's if it's below 20 down here, it's very it's oversold. Actually, sorry, this has just a line at 50 and 70. So the a little bit lower down here is oversold and overbought is up here. So the philosophy is that the price can only remain overbought for so long before it has to reverse and it can only remain oversold for so long before it has to reverse. However, the market can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent. So, just because a stock is overbought doesn't mean it's time to short it. Just because it's oversold doesn't mean it's time to buy it. It could remain in that position for a long time. However, it is one of several indicators that help guide us to thinking, should I take this trade up here? And in the case of RSI, as long as there's a couple of other checks that we've made, it'll probably tell us to stay out of the position to the long side. All right. So the relative strength index um is a 14 length and a 14 smoothing period. So the way we pop this on our chart is we go right over here. We go to indicators RSI relative strength index and boom, it's on the chart. Now you can go in here and if you want to change the style of where your line is, you could put it at the 80 and the 20 spot and that's fine. So um you put it at 80 and 20 and then Yep. Just like that. All right. So essentially, if you do this, we look at um this chart for instance, we've only peaked a couple times up in this 80 area, but that's the highest we've gone. We actually didn't go higher than 80. And yet, we still obviously got a reversal off the top. We could have gone up to 100, but we didn't. Back here, it looks like it went a little bit higher up into the 90s. And back down here, it went pretty low before rallying back up. But just because it went low doesn't mean it was ready to buy. It still ended up just hanging out at the lows for a while. So, how do we use relative strength index in a smart way? So, if we're looking at a chart here, you can see this is a chart where basically the price squeezed up 100% really quickly. So, we went straight into the overbought territory, which means we were at pretty much as strong of an extreme as you could get to. So, what this told us was that it was very likely that a reversal was going to occur. So what we now needed was the confirmation or other additional signs of weakness. And where would we get those? Perhaps just the shape of the individual candle. So if you've watched one of my episodes, full length episode on decoding the individual candlestick shapes, what you'll know is that if we have a candle that um opens, the price squeezes all the way up to a high here, comes all the way back down, and then the candle closes lower right here. So, we have four pieces of information on each candle, right? The high, the low, the open, and the close. And sometimes you'll have the close and the low or the high and the open. Sometimes they'll be the same price. But in this case, the fact that you've got this large upper candle wick that communicates weakness. We would call this um in the context, sorry, weakness, in the context of an uptrend where the price was moving higher like this. This candle has a unique name. It's actually called a shooting star. Now, uh at the end of the episode, I can put a link to my decoding candlestick um episode, which is a deep dive uh because there's more two dozen different very significant candlestick shapes that you should be aware of because when we see this shape right here, this shooting star, it's not a perfect shooting star, but certainly has that topping tail, that indicates a reversal may happen. Coupling that with really high RSI could help us form a stronger bias on taking a trade to the short side or exiting the position to the long side. And you see each time the price comes up you get these rejections. So the pattern on this uh particular instrument is that each time it comes up you end up getting these fairly dramatic rejections. This is another um area. It comes back up and then it rejects. It comes back up and then it rejects. So that's something for us to be aware of. Here we go. Now, we're going to add another indicator. We're going to have RSI and MACD. So, now we've got the MACD right here, which is open. The volume profile is pretty good. You've got nice green candles, light volume selling. So, even though the RSI is is in the overbought territory, it wouldn't have stopped me from buying this trade right here. MACD is open and it looks good. We get up here to the very top and now MACD is open, but starting to go sideways, right? Starting to go sideways. The volume's okay, but we're in the overbought territory. And what is the shape of the candlestick? A couple of topping tails. After this big extension here, we know we're due for a reversal. So, that's an area where we're starting to expose oursel to a little bit more risk if we're thinking about taking a trade when it's up that high. So, here's another one. All right. So, now we've got the RSI, the pop up, the pullback, the pop up, the pullback. We're going sideways. And look at how we top out right here. And then at the open, we peak again. So that's the relative strength index. Now let's add the MACD. Same stock. We've got the RSI and the MACD. Now what the MACD helps us understand is sort of that red light green light. Okay, right now MACD is positive in this area at the beginning of the move. And so this pullback right there is a classic bull flag. That's a spot where I want to be a buyer. Yes, the RSI is a little extended, but everything else checks out. So I'm okay with taking the trade. Now, as it pushes higher, it sort of tops out, goes sideways, and we get this longer consolidation. And then right there at the open, the MACD flips back into the positive and we get this big squeeze up. This pullback, do we want to buy that? That pullback right there. What's the MACD? It's open. Volume higher on the green candles. RSI a little overbought, but not outrageous. I'm taking that trade. Now, let's look at the next indicator, which are Ballinger bands. Ballinger bands are a technical indicator that use moving averages and then two standard deviations. And so what that means is, let's see, let's pull up um let's just draw a little candlestick chart here. I'm going to do it all in green just for the sake of simplicity. So this is a little candlestick chart. The price is moving up and this is going to be our let's just say 20 moving average. So that's your moving average. What the Ballinger bands do is they put a band around standard deviation. So one standard deviation to the upside and then another to the downside. Actually, it's two. And so what this ends up meaning is that 99% of price action occurs within the two Ballinger bands. And what you'll notice is that a lot of stocks will end up uh trading in this way in this range where they kind of come up and then they're down to the bottom. Then they're back up to the top and back down to the bottom. So they're really sort of pinballing between these Ballinger bands. And while that's a strategy to short off the top and to buy off the bottom, short off the top and buy off the bottom, another way to look at this is anytime the price comes outside the Ballinger bands, that is extremely unusual. Anytime the price drops below the Ballinger bands, very unusual. And those are the areas where I'm looking at buying for a move back up or if I'm in a position being very c cautious about continuing to hold and taking profit and you could flip short for the move back down. You just have to be careful because as I said these can remain irrational longer than you remain solvent. So if there's a really good catalyst driving it higher, it can stay above the top Ballinger bands for a little while and push significantly higher. So just because it's outside, it doesn't mean it's a you know you should definitely take that trade. but it's an indicator that clearly we're in an extreme position. So combining Ballinger bands with RSI will improve the confirmation uh of a potential reversal. So that's something to really look at closely. So the Ballinger bands are a 20 length and a multiple of two. So that's the way these are calculated popped on the chart. We're going to go over here and let's see. So, we're going to go Ballinger bands right there. Pop that on the chart. So, with this Ballinger band turned on, even even right now, you can see the price here of this. We're riding the top of the Ballinger band. And this is, you know, you can only remain up at the top of the Ballinger bands for so long. You come up to it here and then you reverse. You come up to it here, you pull back up to it here, up to it here. I mean, granted, it was still trending up, but it just kept hitting it and then coming back down. Back outside it and then back down, outside it, and then back down. Here, we actually came down to the bottom bands right there before coming back up to the top band, pulling back, and then look at that. Now, we're back down with inside of the bands. It doesn't the price does not stay outside the bands for very long. And in fact, if you ever see a candle like this that is almost completely outside the Ballinger bands, it's a really good reversal indicator. So, I use those um often in my trading. All right. So, now let's back this up. We'll move this up here and let me show you some examples. So, here you've got this nice long ramping pattern and that perfect little dogee candle up outside the Ballinger bands. Now, what we already know based on decoding the shape of individual candlesticks is that we've got sort of small body candles progressively getting larger and larger and larger and then capitulating with this big squeeze up. And then after all these long body candles that communicate extreme strength in the market, you get this tiny little dogee. That is a candle showing indecision. There's now a battle going on between the buyers and the sellers. And we don't like to see that. That battle after you've had such a high level of strength, that battle indicates there's a really good chance we're going to see a reversal back down. And you do a nice reversal back down. Here's another one. All right. So right there, you're riding the top of the Ballinger bands and it remains extended. But once you get that reversal, then you get a a deeper unwind. So the idea here, if you're a short seller, is to accumulate to the short side cautiously and wait on adding full size until you get that final flush. And then that's kind of like the straw that breaks the camel's back because now you've got a red candle outside the Ballinger bands and that's a confirmed reversal. sells off back up to the top. Sells off back up to the top. Outside the Ballinger bands, sells off again outside the bands. Back down outside the bands, back down. It's like clockwork. So, the better you get at seeing this, you realize. And now here, look this example. This went from it was like 50 cents a share all the way to $5 and it was outside the Ballinger bands the whole time. So, it's not a guarantee that it's a short. In fact, you probably wouldn't have been able to trade this area because it halted so many times. But you watch for those in those additional indicators. So, while your chart is giving you the candle outside the Ballinger bands, right, that's good. You want to watch for the topping tail candle. Look for that shooting star. Look on your level two for a big seller. What if all of a sudden, let's just say this was the high that was 60 and the high is 60 and then there's a 200,000 share seller at 60. That's going to reaffirm that yeah, this is an exit point, right? This is the place to get out. So, and then back to there, another uh moment point where the price was well outside the Ballinger bands. So, there you've got those extensions. Here you go again. Price outside the Ballinger bands, but then it comes back inside it. We rally up. We get a little topping tail. We pull back. We squeeze quickly up here. We're outside it. Take profit. We dip back down. We base out. We rip back up. We take profit. We base out. We pull back. So, when we're outside the Ballinger bands, for me as a long biased trader who makes money when the price goes up, I'm usually taking profit. Now, when we combine Ballinger bands with RSI, all of a sudden, we're seeing, okay, we're outside the Ballinger bands and we're in the overbought territory, that reaffirms. Plus, we have a shooting star candle. It's like, check, check, check. We're getting all of our indicators telling us that this is a time to be exiting the position and maybe going short. So once again there you've got the big extension on the RSI. We're outside the Ballinger bands. Dips back down. Then it comes back up and does it again then dips back down. So it's when we see that we pay attention to this pattern. So now Ballinger bands RSI and MACD. So up here you get this crossover and then or you get the the candle outside the Ballinger bands and then a moment later you get a crossover. Remember that these crossovers take time. So when you get a big crossover, it can take 15, 20 minutes, even hours for it to flip back positive. So that means once this crosses over, it's in the hands of the bears and they actually pulled it back below VWAP, comes back up and then drops down even harder. So this is again just really helping us understand, is this a place where I should be a buyer and where I should be holding this or is this a place where I should be moving out of the way? And in this case right here, once again, you now add the MACD down here. And once you get the MACD going sideways, this is not something I want to trust. So I wait. And then once the MACD crosses over here in that bigger way, this is this is going back down. It's it's unwinding. And so this actually would have given you a really good reversal right up here off that double top because it came back up, couldn't break the previous high, and the MACD crossed over negative at the same moment. RSI was still pretty overbought. And then we start unwinding even more. Okay. So now you know about moving averages, you know about the volume weight average price, you know about the MACD, you know about the relative strength index, and you know about the Ballinger bands. Let me show you volume profile. Volume profile, unlike volume bars at the bottom of a chart, which are organized based on the time that the volume occurred, volume profile puts the volume bars on the price axis. So you can see the prices where the volume occurred. So it detaches the volume from the time the order went through and instead groups it by the price the order went through by by seeing it in this visual sense. You can see where there were a lot of buyers where there was a lot of trading activity and that creates a peak in trading activity. That peak is considered the PC or the point of control. The point of control. So that's the highest volume, the price that's had the the most shares traded. So if we're trading above the point of control, it's bullish. If we're trading below the point of control, it's bearish. So this is sort of like the volume weighted average price, right? It's very similar and often they will align fairly closely. Now the interesting thing about the volume profile is that it changes as the day goes on. So, if I put up on my chart, let's just pop up the volume profile. So, let's see. We've got this here. Oops. Let me back this up. So, let me pop the chart back up and we're going to pop volume profile on here. So, we're going to go to indicators. We're going to go to volume and we're going to do volume profile visible range. All right. Now, first thing I'm going to do is I'm going to click on this. I don't want it on the right side. I want it on the left. So, I'm going to replace it and put it on the left side. All right. Now, we've got the point of control there. And that's fine. So, if I zoom in right here, if I zoom way in, this is going to be a little bit harder to do. But if I get really zoomed in, then what's going to happen is the point of control moves based on the current price. So, as I back up, the point of control changes. See how much it changes there? Because now it's including all the volume that occurred here. You go back even further, it changes more. So, we go at another look at a different um stock. This is the point of control right here. It's at 8:35, but you back up further and it starts to move higher, right? Because now you're factoring in volume and the prices that occurred at different times. So, we back this up again. And now we're going to put put this up here. All right. So, what we're looking at is the point of control. That's the thing I pay really close attention to. So, in this case, this is a stock that came up on the charts today and it had when I pulled up the volume profile, the point of control was at 840. And look at this. It came up and ran right into that point of control. That was the price that had the highest volume in the previous trading session. And that was still relevant today. That was where we had resistance and support prior. That's where the most volume traded hands. And so this morning when we came back back up to that level, boom, that was resistance. Here's another example. All right, so right here you had the volume profile right there showing that there was a lot of volume. It pops above it, comes back below it, back to it, and then look at that pop right up to it right there. So it comes right back up to that same level. It runs into that level. Here we go. So now you've got the volume profile where um essentially right here, it's like right at this level. And this is where we have our tug-of-war. So, we're below it, then we're above it for a second. We can't hold it. We're back below it. Can't hold above it, and we're selling off. Now, there's no question that when you get up to higher prices, there's not a lot of volume that's really traded up there, right? So, there's no volume that's traded at those higher prices. So, naturally, you see that the volume declines. When you're up high or when you're down low, the volume will decline. So, the volume's always going to be higher, typically right in the middle. But, it's seeing the actual prices where you have the peak volume that is relevant. So now here we have another example. All right. So here as the price rallies up, you've got your volume profile showing right in this area. That was the point of control. So we drop below it, then we come back above it, we go below it, we come back above it, we're sort of jumping around right here, and then we start to pull away, right? And and this ends up being really, really strong. And what was kind of amazing in this particular instance was as you start to move up, there weren't a lot of sellers. And the reason there weren't a lot of sellers was because the stock hasn't really traded up at these these levels in such a long time. You don't have people that bought at that high level that are now selling as it comes back up. But that's what happens when you have something that's popped up and then dipped back down. So if we pull this chart up here, this is that example where it was higher. So now this is like upside resistance coming back up. Now granted, I was able to make money on this stock today. $12,894. And one of the nice trades was uh this breakout right here. We pulled back and then once we were above the point of control, that breakout right there, that was my best trade of the day. Even though it didn't end up holding longterm, it still provided a really nice opportunity. Now, these charts are starting to look a little bit messy because now we've got our Ballinger bands on there as well. So, I'm going to take the Ballinger bands off uh just for a second just to make it a little bit easier to read from for the volume profile. So, if we go back here, so let's look at this. So, if we were zoomed in here, where would we say we've got the volume profile? We would say, okay, we've got the volume profile showing that we've got the point of control right right around this, you know, $6 level. So, right in here, it's up around six, something like that. And then as soon as it pops up, because this recent volume is so high, it moves the point of control much higher. So, now you've got a point of control way up there. So now as you move forward, as more volume continues to come in, the point of control continues to change. So this is what's really interesting when you're watching this in real time because now the volume declines, but the point of control remains high. See, this is now where we've got that is upside resistance because the point of control, that was where we had the most volume trading hands and now the price is below that level. So volume profile is not super helpful when you're trading the front side of the move right here because the pro the volume profile is just sort of constantly moving higher as more p more volume is coming in. But where it becomes helpful is when you're trying to time a deeper pullback and asking yourself if this is going to rally back up. So a bigger pullback like this area here, you start to see. Okay. So right in here, this is okay. And then we start moving forward one candle at a time. So we start moving forward. Let's see. It takes a second for it to kind of populate. So there you go. And then it starts to dip down, right? So this one which has been moving this morning, the balance uh point of control was down here. And then it squeezes up. And so now the point of control is going to start moving higher and very quickly it goes way up to this level of 47. So right now this is our point of control over the course of the day. Right? So you now sort of factor it in and and you see it's it's close to the volume weight average price. Um so it it it can kind of reaffirm that. Also you can see um an interesting thing where this will actually display and this is kind of interesting um the buying versus the selling. So the upticks versus the down ticks. So what you see up at these high levels is that there's more buying whereas at this level it's a bit more balanced. But when the bias is generally that there's more buying than there is selling then that also paints a different picture. So, our volume bars here are just showing the color based on what the candle closed at, but this is giving you a bit more of that cumulative volume that occurred at these different prices, which I think is, you know, for this in this case, I think it's really helpful. So, I'm going to pop this off here. Move that over there. So, that was this one. This again, look at this pullback bouncing right off what level? The point of control. So that also being near the the 200 moving average helps reaffirm that that could be a spot to be watching for a dip. So this is our suite of indicators. Moving averages, VWAP, MACD, RSI, Ballinger bands volume profile, and of course volume bars. And when they come together, this is where these help reaffirm that what we think is going to happen will actually happen. So we now have all of our indicators on this chart. And let me just back this out for one second. I'm going to move this um over here just so it's out of the way. We'll just we'll we'll put it over a little bit further. So, let's go back to the slideshow. And what is the story that this chart is telling us? First, looking just the candlesticks. Obviously, a quick squeeze up, right? RSI into overbought territory, but that's not surprising when you have a sudden surge of volume and the price moves up 100% in like 3 minutes. But there was a catalyst behind this move. So, it doesn't mean it's time to short it just yet. So, we're a little outside the Ballinger bands. We pull back. And this is the spot where it could just roll over. It could roll over. It could unwind. It could come all the way back down. But the selling volume is light. MACD is open. And we get the first candle to make a new high. And that gives us that breakout surging higher. That's a trade that I would take. We then pull back. We're going sideways now. Now, the MACD is kind of getting ready to cross over. It does go negative. And then at the open, we're holding above our 20 moving average. We're just below the nine. We're at the VWAP. Everything is lining up and boom, at the open, we squeeze up. Surge of volume comes in. MACD goes positive. And now this first pullback is definitely a spot where I'm a buyer. Let's look at the next example. Okay, so here we go. Now, this one paints a little bit of a different picture. We get this big squeeze up. We've got three green candles in a row. What candle is that? A big shooting star. What's our point of control? Way up here near the top. MACD is positive, but we have this candle that tells us to be cautious. It goes the price action kind of goes sideways here and then it starts to break down. We know that RSI is in the overbought territory. There's not, you know, there's not a false breakout. If this had a first candle that made a new high and then rejected, that would be more dramatic. But these topping tails right here, this is what prevented people from buying. You've got a candle outside the Ballinger bands topping tails and it reverses. When it breaks below that point of control and the MACD crosses over since we know we get such large swings on the MACD, this is now back in the hands of the bears. In fact, it was only in the hands of the bulls for a very short period of time before we got that crossover and it unw it unwinds. So, that one no good. And thankfully the indicators and the combination of the indicators and the candlestick charts, the the specific uh topping tail kept us out of that trade. Now we've got this one which we've already looked at. Candles outside the Ballinger bands obviously super extended, super risky. And then we come up here, candle outside the Ballinger bands, breaking down below the point of control, MACD crossover, extended selloff. So, this is the spot where um this is just not a safe place to be a buyer. And it's not a great place to be a short seller either because it's not like it's super rewarding. Yes, it's pulling back, but nothing too dramatic. This is the area I really like trading, the squeeze up and then getting out before it rolls over. And this is where short sellers like trading to get that quick resolution back down. So, this volatility and it's really a question of making sure you're not holding too long when it starts to get a little extended. the the RSI's overbought. MACD's, you know, really open, which is great. But now candles outside the Ballinger bands. Here's another one. So, this is our point of control line. Breaks it back down below it. Back above it. Powerful break. Holding above it. And now MACD's open and it's starting to pull away. So, let me give you a couple of pop quizzes. Let's test your knowledge and see what you've learned today. All right. So, right now, we've got a pullback, right? We've got all these green candles in a We've got a red candle. If the next candle breaks the high of this candle, is there any reason you should not buy? I can't see one reason. This was a good trade right there. That's your entry. First candle to make a new high. All right, next quiz. Is there any reason you shouldn't buy if this first candle makes a new high? MACD open. A little bit of a topping tail. A little bit. So maybe a little reason to be cautious, but not enough to say not to take the trade at all. It works. It goes up a bit higher, dips down, pushes higher, and then MACD crosses over. So, we're not caught in that false breakout. We're not trading in this area. We're waiting entirely, and then boom, another MACD crossover, although short-lived as it squeezes back up. Let me give you another quiz. All right. Is there any reason that we should not take this trade right here? Pops up, sideways consolidation, MACD's open. This is a trade I would take every single day. So this is where we have the combination of candlestick chart patterns and technical indicators. Now in my experience, candlestick chart patterns and the technical indicators I've shared with you today work best on the following types of stocks. These are the stocks that meet my five pillars of stock selection. You can download my full PDF worksheet on the five pillars of stock selection. The link is pinned at the top of the comments and in the description. Also on that link, you'll see my 112page uh technical analysis PDF and the other PDFs that are part of my library of resources that I give away for free. So you guys should definitely check them out. So the five pillars of stock selection, the the type of stocks that respond the best to candlestick chart patterns and technical indicators are stocks are already up 10% on the day. They have five times relative volume. There's a news event moving them higher. Ideally, they're priced between 2 and 20 and they have a supply or number of shares available to trade of less than 10 million. Now, you can apply most of this to um a cryptocurrency or you know potentially other financial markets. So, it's really about focusing on what is obvious today. If it's up a lot, if it's one of the leading percentage gainers in the entire market for a forex pair, cryptocurrency, for a futures contract, a lot of people are going to be watching it. And if a lot of people are watching it, the traditional candlestick chart patterns and the red light and green light produced by our technical indicators will be well respected. So what does my workflow look like each day? Step one is I sit down and I try to find that leading percentage gainer. On this particular day, the leading gainer was up 564%. The second leader was up 448%. Every single day when I sit down, this is the scan I'm looking for, the stocks that are up the most. And you can use scanners like this for all different markets, but this is of course tuned to the US uh equities market. Step two is waiting for the pattern to form. I check the news. I kind of do my due diligence and then I just patiently wait for that pattern to form. I like to buy on pullbacks. Obviously, buying on a pullback is the closest thing an active trader can do to buying low and selling high. And then step three is executing on the trade. And here you have $98,754.39 profit. When it comes to making sure you're executing on the trade properly, what's the one thing you need to know that we haven't covered yet today? It's learning how to read level two and market depth. So, if you want to keep learning, here's the next steps that I would take. If I were in your shoes, I would watch this class right here on learning how to read level two. I would check out this class on decoding individual candlestick shapes if you haven't already. and I'll put a link to another fulllength training that I think you guys will really enjoy. As always, if you did enjoy this episode, I hope you hit that thumbs up. I hope you subscribe to the channel. And I'll remind you as always, trading is risky. My results aren't typical. So, please manage your risk, take it slow, and I'll see you here for the next upload real soon. [Music]