Title: Day Trading Watch List for TUESDAY
Views: 20185
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=57G729mDHTs
======================================================================

What's up everyone? All right, so in today's episode, I'm going to break down my watch list for Tuesday morning and the game plan for the week ahead. We've got a 4-day week, so we've got to make up for some lost time. But the good news is Friday, we had some serious momentum. I was up just about $43,000 on the day, which was fantastic. And even after I left, we had a couple of stocks that continued going a lot higher. So, as of the 4 p.m. closing bell, we had RIME up 223%. that surged up another 200% after hours, which was incredible. We had JDZG, which is the Chinese stock that just keeps going higher, was able to break the 200 moving average, which surprised me, but it's good to see. So, now the question is, how does all that momentum on Friday carry over to Tuesday with a 3-day weekend? Well, I mean, we for lack of anything else, it's not like the market was open today and it was dead. So, I think traders naturally are going to be looking back to the price action from Friday. And since it was good all the way into after hours, I think that does bode well. But as always, tomorrow I want to break the ice and see if I can build a cushion. And if I can, then it's time to size up and get aggressive. But the tricky thing about February so far is that it's been a little bit of a hot cold month where some days have been really hot and other days have been totally cold. And the problem with that is if you come in thinking it's going to be a hot day and you trade with big size on that first trade and it totally fails, okay, you're in the red, but then you realize, wow, it's really slow and nothing else pops up on the scanners that looks good. There's no chance to recover the loss. So that means it's really important on those first trades to break the ice cautiously and if you've got profit on that first trade, then size up on trade two, three, and four. But if you can't get green on the first trade or it right away seems like, wow, the market's a little bit colder today, then definitely take your foot off the gas. So, let's go ahead and jump onto the screen share. Um, if we look at the after hours top gainer scanner, let's see. You'll see that after hours, um, uh, RIME ended up going up, um, let's see, peaked at about, uh, 49, uh, sorry, $459 or that was the that was the price there. Um, the high went a little bit higher than that. We went up to, let's see, $6.22. That was our high. Uh, which was really impressive. So, at $6.22, this one was up um little about 475% on the day, just shy of 500%. So, is it worth watching RIM going into tomorrow, going into uh Tuesday morning? It's worth keeping an eye on. Note that it had um 154 million shares of volume. So very thickly traded, lots of volume. On the one hand the volume is good that creates liquidity which makes it easy to get in, easy to get out. Um but on the other hand at a certain point the volume can be so so thickly traded it it becomes crowded and traders are fighting just to make one or two cents a share. And when that happens it is usually we don't get as nice of moves. It's not as clean. So, my concern is that, you know, 4:00 a.m. tomorrow morning, RIME is going to immediately start trading on high volume and by the time I sit down at 7 a.m., uh, it's going to be, uh, possibly, you know, already peaked and on the back side of the move. Um, now just before I um go deeper on that, let me just pull up my metrics here for um let's see, well, year to date, but this highlights uh the kind of slow period that we had there. Uh for a stretch we had was like red day, a couple small green days, a red day, a couple small green days, and then boom, it was back here Friday with $43,000. So, um and then my best day right there of the month, 81,000. And then we had this day back here in um let's see uh January of 86,000. So looking at my cumulative P&L for the last 30 days sort of sideways then a nice rally up then a little sideways and hopefully here opening up for another rally up. That's what I would love so I can kind of get a little bit back on target for um for February. Now if I look at just the month um let's see. So we'll look at last month do a month-over-month comparison. So last month um about $400,000 accuracy 80%. Really solid. Average winners 4,400. Average losers 1,700. We look at February month to date and it's definitely been slower. My accuracy has suffered quite a bit. Only 54% accuracy. But the profit loss ratio is interesting. $10,000 average winners, $3,700 average losers. So, you know, a really strong profit loss ratio and about $123,000 of profit. Now, my, you know, goal roughly is to be locking up about 100K a week. So, I was able to do that um obviously back here um in uh in January pretty consistently, but then it cooled off a bit. So, January, a little shy, a little over, a little shy, a little over. That's typical. February, uh you know, all right, good on the first week thanks to the $81,000 on that one day. And then last week was was slow until Friday. So, at least we finished strong with that nice action on Friday. And so, now I'm hoping that we can kind of make up for a little bit of loss time Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and be able to get, you know, a little bit aggressive here and um get back on target. So, I'm, you know, I'm a little shy of my monthly goal, 400 grand in terms of tracking for that. Um, but on the other hand, what we know about the market is that I can be, you know, behind, behind, behind, behind, and then all of a sudden, you know, boom, we have a stock that goes up 500% and I make, you know, 100 grand in one day. And so that all of a sudden gets me way, um, you know, way back into good shape. Um, so at this point, my game plan for tomorrow morning, uh, as always, is to start by looking at our top gainer scanner. I look at the top gainer scanner and I check each one of these stocks based on my five pillars of stock selection. Those of you guys not familiar with my five pillars of stock selection. What I do is I walk you through each of what I think are the most critical components that allow a stock to make a big move. So, in order for a stock to go up 50, 75, you know, 100% in one day. I found that these stocks almost always share similar characteristics in terms of price, in terms of um the percentage change that they're already up on the day before I take my first trade, in terms of the relative volume, which is the average, which is the volume today versus the average volume of the stock. Um number four, the news catalyst, and number five, the total uh float, the number of shares available to trade. And then there's a couple of bonus criteria that I pay really close attention to. When a stock is a recent reverse split, when a stock has blue sky, oops, blue sky, or when a stock is on theme for what's currently making big moves. I would say the current theme uh as of late has kind of been uh foreign listed companies have done really well this year. We've had some really big moves from um Singapore, Chinese stocks, which are always a little bit of a wild card. we have have to be careful with them, but they can give us some nice moves. And then as always, you know, biotech stocks, the thing with biotech is that, you know, these companies that are in the biotech research and development phase, you know, they'll put out a headline and it's great, but it it just doesn't happen every day that you have a company that has a big breakthrough in that space. So, when it happens, fantastic, but we just can't count on it as like a day-to-day catalyst. Compare that with AI or with cryptocurrency. any company can decide they're gonna invest and get into cryptocurrency, right, and get into AI and all of a sudden they put out that headline and their stock gets a boost as a result. Not any comp not just anyone can go and dabble in coming out with a great result from a clinical trial in biotech, right? I mean that just it's it's not something you could dabble in. But cryptocurrency AI, we saw a lot of small cap companies that decide to kind of dip their toe in the water there because they knew the market was so sympathetic to any companies in in that theme. And so that's where being aware of what the theme is in the current market makes a lot of sense. Now I again the theme in the current market right now a little bit with some of these foreign listed securities. Um you know I I would say definitely a little bit of um attention on stocks with sub 1 million share floats. These really low floats have been getting quite a bit of attention. Um they just can have such a crazy imbalance between supply and demand. Um I think that's the reason why. But I would say uh and and I think I had already mentioned recent reverse splits. We had some really big recent reverse splits earlier this year. Um, so I'll go through the recent reverse split scan just for a second. Uh, oh, and before I do, a reminder, our President's Day sale at Warrior Trading is wrapping up uh, this week. So, if you haven't already checked it out, there'll be a link pinned at the top of the comment and I'll put it in the description as well, where those of you guys who have been tuning in on YouTube for a long time and you want to take the leap and see what it's like to be a full-fledged member at Warrior Trading, we've got these special President's Day discounts that you guys can take advantage of. And if you use it to become a Warrior Pro member, you also get a 7-day satisfaction guarantee. So, if you're not happy for whatever reason, within those seven days, you can say it's not for me, and we give you a full refund, 100%. So that's something that you guys um should check out if you haven't already. So recent reverse splits um yeah. So here I I I usually just kind of scan um on Sundays or in this case on Mondays for recent reverse splits within like the last week. So uh the 10th here FGL this is one that um has definitely been getting some attention. Crazy low float but unfortunately um not really easy to trade. EDHL lighter volume on this one. Um back on the 9th they did the reverse split. It's a little cheaper. Lots of room to the 200 moving average. I could see it working but we're just not quite We just need the catalyst ultimately the news headline. So that one right now, you know, it checks out from the perspective of um price. It's not yet on percentage. It's not yet yet on relative float, but um it's got the total float, which is good. It's got the recent reverse split. This one's also wild card because it's Chinese. So if it has the news catalyst, the news catalyst will bring in the volume and move the stock up. So then all of a sudden all the five pillars fall into place. So when I'm scanning, I'm often saying, well, first of all, I can easily scan for price, you know, between two and 20 roughly. And within that, between five and 10 is the sweet spot. So I can do a scan of the entire market just for price, and that'll narrow down the list. I then do another scan, and I say, well, I only want to look at stocks have a float of less than, let's just say, 10 million shares. So now you've really narrowed down uh the total market quite quite a lot. And in fact, one of the scans that I have over here is my lowflat top gainer scanner. Where is it? Um let's see. There it is. So this lowflat top gainer scanner. Oh, where? I already had it up. Um right down here. This is actually looking for stocks with floats of less than five million shares. Um but a stock with a float of less than five million shares is certainly quite low. And so, and it's putting a price filter on as well of under $20. So, now you've got the float and the price here. So, if I use this scan, I could just sort it by percentage change on the day and then figure out which of these stocks is up the most and then why. What's the catalyst? Um, or alternatively, I could search by uh relative volume, which ones have the highest relative volume and why. And guess what? MLEC, that's the one I trade on Friday. lower float, 50 million shares of volume, crazy high relative volume, made $40,000 on it. So, you know, this is kind of um it's like sort of how to find uh reverse engineer like okay, we have these stocks that are making big moves. It's not helpful to see it after the fact. I've got to see it in real time and I got to build a watch list. So starting with price adding on float and then these are the ones that will come when the stock well when the stock has news then the relative volume and the percentage change will come. But if I already have a stock I like based on price and float say I see a stock like FGL or EDHL then all I have to do is wait for the news to come along. Now, I would say that that's not always the most I I would say the accuracy of finding actual stocks by building a watch list like that is kind of low because it's 100% dependent on waiting for the company to put out news. So, although I can spend time going through each one of these stocks, if the company doesn't put out news, it'll never start moving up. It won't hit high relative volume. It won't hit any percentage gap scans. And so, there's no trade. So, in a way, this gives you some nice freedom as a retail trader to not have to focus a lot on building extensive watch lists, but instead think about what your process is. So, my process each day is it begins with me sitting down 6:30, 7 a.m. and looking at this scan right here for our leading gainers and asking myself, what are the top three for leading gainers? What do they what do they what's the theme of the day? What's the price? What's the catalyst? And do any of these have daily charts I can work with? And a lot of times between 4:00 a.m. and 6:30, the volume is pretty light and then it picks up increasingly from 7 to 8, 8 to 9 and then into the opening bell. Now on stocks that are really strong, it continues past the open in a hot market. This market last week uh a little cooler, but we did certainly on Friday still see some momentum after the bell. So that was good. That was definitely good. I'm glad that we saw that. So I would say at this point um just for the sake of um keeping things um sort of relatively simple um I would probably say that um the best approach would be to focus on um sitting down tomorrow morning looking at the scan and making sure what I'm trading is one of the top five leading gainers. If it's one of the top five gainers in the market, then I think I've got a better chance at having um success. You start getting into trading stocks that are lower on the scan. They're not as obvious. Not as people are going to see them and not as many people are going to see them. And it's just unfortunately doesn't work out quite as well. Now, uh, one other note. Um, this week I'm going to be continuing to teach classes from Day Trading the Basics, which, um, you guys are welcome to tune in for those you guys, uh, that join either with a two-eek trial or doing, um, using the President's Day sale. So, we're going to be jumping back in tomorrow with um, our class on hot keys and hot buttons. Uh from there, and this is uh picking up right where we left off, and then from there, we're going to get into um stock halts, how to use and set up your scanners, and um then we're going to start getting into building a trading plan. So, we've got a lot to cover this week. Um it's going to be uh definitely filled. Uh, and that my hope is that between the hours of 7 and 9:30, 10:00 a.m., we also get some really good stocks on the scans where we can get some nice trades which are as always a demonstration of, uh, the things that you're learning in the curriculum. So, with that, um, I'm going to let you guys enjoy the rest of the weekend and I will see you streaming tomorrow morning at 7 a.m. And let me give you a reminder as always that trading is risky. My results aren't typical. So, manage your risk, take it slow, and I'll see you guys first thing tomorrow morning.