Title: Max Loss Red Day...
Views: 48408
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=6BgCNjfhLag
======================================================================

What's up everyone? All right, well, today is pretty much worst case scenario. Second max loss red day in a row. Two back-to-back big red days. Was red on Thursday, then I had the weekend to kind of get centered, mellow, focus. And then I came in Monday morning and first trade total flop. I went red $5,000 on the stock. And instead of stopping there, I got into the next trade and well, you'll see as we recap it where everything kind of fell apart today. I traded four stocks today and I'm red on all four. That's terrible. That's just terrible. It's just really bad. Is it me or is it the market? Well, I mean, it's it's a little of both, I suppose. It's certainly me because I feel even on Thursday that uh one of the problems was my own execution cuz we had a stock that went up and I just didn't time it right, I didn't trade it well, and as the stock went higher and higher and higher, I just kept fumbling my trades and then I managed to lose. And that was me. On the other hand, um what I thrive on is when stocks go parabolic. And we are not seeing stocks that are really experiencing parabolic momentum in a sustained way. We are seeing like one big green candle and I'll jump in and then it does a full round trip. And so that's like yeah, it goes up three points and then it comes right back down. And so, you know, you get burned on those enough times and you're like, okay, I need to kind of stop even trying to trade those. And I I guess that's where I'm at right now of the market is not giving me the follow-through on those setups that I'm accustomed to and so I need to make a change, right? So, that is the market and I'm not responding to it. But there's other aspects where we are seeing stocks that are moving nicely and I'm fumbling for other reasons. So, there's kind of a lot to unpack, but as always, we're going to jump into it in today's recap. So, let's go ahead and dive right in. Now, this is my P&L for today. I'm recording this a little bit later. I had uh a very busy day. I had a lot of things I had to do. So, uh I decided to not rush the recap um earlier this morning. I could have rushed it, but I thought, "You know what? I'm just going to let this marinate, think about it for a little bit, and then I could probably do a better recap if I just wait till later tonight." So, anyway, so uh at this hour, when I log into um my my Lightspeed trading platform, uh it no longer shows my positions. They cleared for the day. But, if I log into the website, you can see them. So, I'm down $20,000, as you can see. Net P&L minus $20,752.89. Uh yeah. Yeah, it's not fun. Nobody Look, I mean, hey, what am I going to What are you What can I say? It's not fun to be down $20,000 in the day. Um you know, grand scheme of things, $20,000 red days um are pretty tolerable for me, but um in the context of, you know, being kind of very short-sided of like the last 4 days, the last week, this really sucks. Um you know, that's that's kind of the the challenge is in a way not getting too sucked into um you know, how much it kind of hurts right here, where you lose sight of kind of like your 90 days. You know, you step back, kind of bigger picture, and it's like, "All right, you know, so we're So, I'm going to be down, you know, around here." Um Is this ideal? No, it's not ideal, but the glass is still um you know, if this is the glass, uh that's a funny shape glass, but you get the idea. If this is the glass here, we're still darn near, you know, 92% full. So, I can't complain that much. This is a very first world problem to have that I'm only up 600 and X thousand instead of 700 on the year. So, you know, it I and I got to also remember that, too, not to get too bent out of shape over this. I mean, I'm I'm very grateful to be able to have the opportunity to sit down and trade every day. But, um I don't think that I uh am trading very well right now, and that's something that we do need to look at. So, let's start with MLEC, which was the first stock I traded this morning. Okay, so first of all, when I sat down this morning or I pulled up my scanners at about 6:45, I noticed we had PFSA already on the scans. It has 235 million shares of volume right now. So, this stock this morning, when I first sat down, was, you know, somewhere right around this $1.60 range. It already had like, I don't know, 50 million shares of volume, something like that. And I just said to myself, it's too cheap, it's going to be a grinder, it's super crowded, don't trade it. So, I didn't trade it, didn't touch it. There was another stock that was sort of similar. Maybe if I sort by volume, which one was it? I don't know which which one it was now, but there was another stock on the scans this morning that was also similarly up on a ton of volume, but was too cheap. And so, I was like, nope, I don't care about that, not going to touch it. So, it's 7:00 a.m. I'm sitting down, and all of a sudden MLEC pops up and hits the scanner. Now, this stock has popped up a couple other times. You can see this squeeze back here. This was in February, sells off, bounces here. It's got a lot of room up to the 200 moving average. It's a sub 1 million share float, and it's a Luxembourg company. So, you know, it it pops up, and my initial response or thinking was, as it hit the high day scanner, uh I don't know. I'm not sure if I should go for this. I was a little cautious, a little hesitant. Didn't really think it was probably worth it. Um so, it ends up popping here at 7:00 a.m. up to nine, almost $10 a share, full round trip. So, we got the pop, $3 a share, $2 a share, comes all the way back down. Then it goes sideways. All right, so no interest. Then it curls up right here, and I'm kind of watching it, but we have this topping tail, pulls back, and then it rips here all the way up. So, let's back this up. So, I took a couple trades on this. Um Let's see. I'm going to show you this little section here. So, my first trade on this one, um I got in uh right here. And I was looking I didn't get I didn't trade this little pop here, which ended up being the cleanest move of the day, but it was on light volume, big spreads. So, it sells off, comes back up, and I got in here, and right there I went from up $1,500 to up only $68, and that was on my first position. Now, I respected my max share size of 20,000 shares today, um but on this one I didn't take 20,000 shares cuz it's a little too expensive. But, I took my first trade on it, and ended up losing $5,000. It's Well, sorry, no. On the very first trade there, I was um up 1,500, and then by the time I closed it, I was up only $68. So, up $68, and then it pops back up here, it dips down, it pops back up, and I got back in right here for the curl through 13. Couldn't break through 13, and I finally bailed out as it broke 12.50 right here, which was a good exit. I stopped out right there before it went all the way down to here, but still managed to lose about $5,000. So, now I'm starting the day basically red $5,000 on MLEC, and it is 7:45. And immediately all the emotions from Thursday are coming back. I'm like, gosh darn it. You got to be kidding me here. This is Why didn't this break out? This is a nice looking consolidation. Uh you know, this has got lots of room to the 200. I don't get it. I don't get it. It was one of the leading gainers at the moment. I I don't get it. And ends up selling off, rallies back up later, but I'm down five grand on it. So then a moment later and I I do mean like moments later. It was probably at 7:45. Um, right here, 7:40. FCUV pops up with news. So this stock pops up I'm sorry. Actually, I'm not sure that it had news. Uh, it pops up and it hits my scanner. So the first thing I see is it hitting my scanner, pops up to five, 550, up to six. I take a starter right here for the break of six. I add for the break of 650 right here. And my cost basis is about 625. Hits a high of seven. I didn't sell. Why didn't I sell? I don't know. I you know, because I had just taken this $5,000 loss. I think I was like, well, let's see if this thing really pulls away and then this is 10 second candles. In an instant it's at 7:20 and 10 seconds later it's back at $6 and I'm red 30 cents on the trade. And then it drops to 550. It doesn't hold 550. It goes all the way to five and I'm like, oh my god. I've got to cut it. And I stopped out and I kid you not, I sold right down here. But at that point I was like, this is just done a round trip. This thing could go red on the day and it could. We've had stocks that have gone red on the day. But ended up bouncing right there. And rallies back up. So on that trade I lost $22,000. And I'm now down 27,000 on the day and I was like, that's it. I'm done. I'm this is ridiculous. And I I it was 7:40 and I was like, all right, I've hit my max loss. I'm I'm done for the day. And then uh it squeezes back up here and I got back in right here. Um, I got I got back in for the break of seven. And it goes up to 750 and I didn't sell. It drops back down. It goes up to 750 again, I don't sell. Comes back down. Goes back up to 750 again, I don't sell. It comes back down. It goes up to eight and I sold. I was like, all right, take it off the table here. So, I went from down $22,000 on FCUV to down only five grand. So, I made back the loss and at that point now I'm down 10,000 on the day and I'm like, all right, well, this is still not good at all. I'm red 10,000. I mean, it's better than being red 27,000, but it's not good. I've traded past my max loss, but since I you know, probably through luck, I don't know. I don't know. It's revenge trading to continue trading when you're emotionally triggered. It's not a good thing to do, but it's something that we do from time to time. Now, I typically have a hard set max loss on my account that if I'm down more than a certain amount, I'm actually blocked from taking any more trades. And that didn't trigger today. I have since added it back. I don't know why or exactly when it got removed from my account, but it seems as if for the last I don't know how many months I've had no max loss on my account. No hard set max loss, that is. Which is dangerous because the reason to have the max loss is the same reason you climb with a with a harness. Uh look, you want to free solo a skyscraper, do as you like. You've got a death wish. Eventually, you know what's going to happen. You trade without max loss on your account, eventually, you're going to have days like this. But if you have the max loss, it just protects the downside. You're still going to lose, but you don't lose more than the X amount. So, since I didn't have that on my account, um I didn't notice it on Friday or Thursday because after I was red 57,000, I didn't try to take any more trades. I just I assumed I wasn't able to, but But guess I might have actually been able to. So in any case, um I've since added it back to my account. But before we get into that, uh so So now I've recovered, I'm down 10 grand on the day. So I'm like, all right, well, it's you know, at this point it's like 8:15. I'm like, well, I guess this is good. Well, I don't know. Let's see what happens. Maybe maybe I'll end up recovering a little bit more of this. So then um I took a couple more trades on FCUV, was looking for the break 3850. It didn't happen. So gave up on it. Ends up going at the open, but I didn't trade that. So I was I was done. So I didn't make any more on I on FCUV, but I didn't lose any more either. But we had this other stock that popped up, IOTR. And it was kind of similar, lower float, popping up without news. And it initially popped up to four, sold off, went below VWAP, then it comes back up here, and I got in at um right here, about 360, 350. I sell it at 380. Then I got back in right here for the break of four, and I stopped out right down here. Ah, it's not the end of the world, lost 1,800 bucks on it. So I was green, then red, doesn't really matter. So now I'm down 12,000 on the day. And then the last trade was LNC um Links, LNKAS. So this was interesting. Um this stock all of a sudden hits the scanner at 9:00 a.m. And the thing goes from $2 a share to 850. It screams up. It was the leading gainer on the day. I was like, this is unbelievable. It sells off really hard. And right down here, it seemed like there was some support, so I bought this dip at about 386. And I thought we're going to get a quick pop back over four. Honestly, I was only looking for a pop up to like 425, 450. And then look at this knife here. It flushes down to 309. So I ended up losing like 80 cents a share on that. And even though it wasn't huge size, and I was within my 20,000 share cap, that was an $8,000 loss. And now I'm back to down 20 grand on the day and I was like, "All right, that's enough. I'm done." And I managed to be red on the four stocks I traded. Hm. So, what can we learn from that? Well, um let's go by we know one by one. So, if we go back to MLEC, this one um this one is is is frustrating because um you know, this setup is a typical pullback pattern under the half-dollar whole dollar and I really thought it would work. It didn't. Why? There wasn't fresh news. Okay. So, that's one of the five pillars of stock selection, but we also know that we have stocks without news that make three, four, 500% moves all the time. All the time. So, if I said I would never trade a stock without news, I would eliminate I don't know, 30% of all the stocks I've made money on and I've made over $20 million. So, that wouldn't be a good idea. Trading stocks without news can work. In this current market, on today, on this trade, it didn't work. Maybe if anything, it was that the overall market's not strong enough to support a trade with no news. Maybe. I don't know. FCUV also had no news. So, again, the stock went from $4 to nine bucks. It could have gone higher, but no news, mm you know, is that why it wasn't able to pull away more? I don't know. I'm not really sure. Maybe. But again, we've seen stocks with no news that have made big moves. So, MLEC, I don't really know. I thought that was a good pattern. I think the only thing I could have done differently was cut the loss sooner before waiting for it to break down. The you know, the breakout or bailout methodology works well. Get in and if it doesn't work, just get out. Just cut the loss, get out. And I held and hoped for longer than I should have. You know, 3-4 minutes I held and held and then finally sold. And I should have just gone out. I should have just bailed. So, that was my mistake on MLE C. Um and one of the reasons I held a little bit longer was because I had slightly bigger share size. Still within the parameters I set, but big enough that I didn't want to just bail cuz I knew I'd get slippage on the exit. So, that had me like don't sell cuz you're going to lose 5 cents, maybe 10 cents of slippage on your exit. But when you're trading to a share size of getting 5 to 10 cents of slippage, the problem is you're getting 5-10 of slippage when you buy, you're getting another 5-10 when you sell, which means you're losing 10 to 20 cents in slippage. So, you need to make you just to be break even, you need to make 20 cents just to factor in slippage with big size. So now, you really need it to go up like 40 or 50 or 60 cents to do well. Now, this is a price range where a squeeze from 13 to 13.50 and 14 and 15 would have been logical in a hotter market. Market's not hot enough. So, not a hot enough market for that kind of setup. And I'm getting too much slippage on my share size, which means I need to reduce my share size even further. Um FCUV Um I punched it quickly and again with bigger size and it went from being up a dollar a share back to down a dollar a share. I jumped in very early in the move on something squeezing. Again, that can work well in a hot market. In a cooler market, um well, you can get a round trip. And we basically got a roundtrip before it rallied back up. Don't buy the first candle. Don't buy the first pop right now. That's probably the better solution. Now, it's not something you'd want to do in a hot market. Avoid the first pop because the first pop and a micro pullback and squeeze up, you know, next thing you know, from $4 to $12, $15 a share. But again, the market's a little cooler. So, foot off the gas a little bit. IOTR Well, yes, we were right under the 200 moving average and I knew that, but I thought the stock looked right and similar to some of the others we've seen. So, the loss on this is much more manageable. Um, but this was a double top. It rejected and I cut the loss pretty quickly. So, that one's not too bad. LNKS Buying a dip on a roundtrip is not usually a good idea. This is a little bit of a desperation trade because I was so red on the day and at 9:00 a.m. it was kind of my last chance maybe just to recoup a little bit of something off the day and I was just hoping for a quick 20 cent win and ultimately the downside potential was higher than the upside was. So, that was a trade I probably wouldn't have taken if I hadn't been red, which is a trade that was a result of being emotionally compromised. So, a lot of this comes back to the fact the market right now just isn't super hot. And it's kind of interesting because we have been seeing moves. I mean, we know that. We've seen some stocks in the last couple weeks that have put in nice moves. I had a couple nice big green days like a week and a half ago. You know, if this was 37,000, this was 20,000. So, you know, a couple nice days back there. Um, 50,000, you know, 42. These were a little while ago, 80, 86, whatever. That was like back in February, January. But, um, but even just, you know, back here in March, I had a couple nice days at the end of the month. Um, and it allowed March to be a pretty decent month. I mean, it was not the best month, but I finished March around $150,000, something like that. So, um you know, it's I mean, the fact is I've given back basically half the month here of March in 2 days. Um 52 on Friday or whatever it was. Uh no, well, this is April cuz there was a gain on Wednesday, but it doesn't matter. So, I'll be down 70,000, 70 you know, $2,000 for the month of April here. So, now, best-case scenario is I put today behind me. I just kind of reset and do what I did in February and March, and I finish the month at like 75 grand. So, half of it is recouping the loss, and the other half is going to green. So, that's kind of the new target for the month, $75,000. It is what it is. And I might not even get there because now I'm going to have to trade with smaller size because the market has clearly not been responding well to bigger size because I'm getting more slippage on my orders. And, you know, that's This is the double-edged Well, it's not it's not the right expression. Um The the problem with hot markets and cold markets, um if you want to call it a problem, a characteristic of hot markets is that when markets are hot, more people are trading, so you've got more volume, which means you can trade bigger size, which means you make more money. But, when the markets are cold, fewer people are participating cuz it's not really rewarding to participate, and so there's less volume in the market. And so, if you keep trading with big size, you start getting more slippage. And this is where you hit the point of diminishing returns, where you're getting so much slippage, you're not able to make any money. So, now you got to reduce your share size. So, cold market, not only do you have fewer good-quality setups, you've got to trade even the good-quality setups with smaller share size. So, that's why typically in a cold market, I make about a quarter of what I make in a hot market. My hot market daily goal is 20,000 a day, and I did that consistently every day last year, average. Over $6 million last year. This year, the market has cooled off. We've got the conflict going on in the Middle East. I mean, we've got the energy prices. We've got all these things going on. And the market has cooled off in a pretty big way. So, realistically this year, a million and a half dollars, you know, that might be that might not be out of this world. I did half a million or 400,000 in February or in January, but then 150 in February and 150 in March, and now I'm down 70 here for April. So, this could even be a red month. Um and so, you know, yeah, I'm definitely averaging less, and I've got to trade with smaller size. And I definitely got stubborn. Now, there are two solutions. There's one surefire solution to this problem. And the surefire way to stop having big red days like this is to drop my account down. If I drop my account down to 50, well, 25 grand, let's say, 26 grand, I would not be able to take the share size that would allow me to lose $27,000 in one day. It would just simply not be possible. But as I mentioned on Thursday, the opportunity cost of doing that is that, of course, um you know, while I wouldn't take big losses, I also wouldn't be able to take positions that could create big winners. And I would essentially guarantee that it'll take me the rest of the month, maybe longer, just to make back what I lost in these last 2 days. And so, um but part of me is tempted to do it. Part of me is tempted to take the money off the table that I made in January, February, and March, and say, "That's it. Reset the account back down, and this is your consequence for being so reckless on Thursday and Monday." And, you know, if you lose more money because you can't trade as aggressively the rest of April, well, that's what you get. Um that's kind of self-sabotaging in a way. Um you know, I don't know that that's necessary, although the emotional part of me wants to be punished uh cuz I'm so upset. I mean, I'm punished by losing $77,000 or whatever it is. But But you you get the idea. So, um on the other hand, can I self-moderate? And that's what I attempted to do today, and I was not successful at that. On the one hand, I probably even at the 20,000 share cap, because I hit it on a couple of these trades, was in too heavy um and heavy enough that I was getting slippage, I was getting emotional on the trades, didn't want to cut the losses, held them too long, was getting frustrated, stubborn, da da da. Um so, my plan for tomorrow is to cap to 10,000 shares. And does that mean I'm going to have a $10,000 red day tomorrow? I sure hope not. I don't want that to happen. Um but I have a $6,000 max loss on my account now set at Lightspeed. So, if I'm down more than 6,000, I cannot take any more trades. I could buy a trade I could buy a position and hold down $10,000. They don't auto liquidate. But once I close that position, I cannot take any new positions. So, you know, for right now, I think that's the safe thing to do. My average uh daily gain this year um oh, I guess we can look at what it is. But uh looks like right now it's about $11,000 a day um at this point. So, uh biggest loss was the loss on Thursday, 44,000 on that single trade. Um that hurt my profit-loss ratio a little bit. Uh today's losses will hurt it a little bit more. And so, yeah, my average green day right now more in the range of 10,000. It is half of what it was, you know, for last year. We go to last year and the average daily gain was $27,000. Right? It's huge. So, yeah. All right. So, this year I'm making right now about a third uh or or whatever of what I was making last year. Um and um you know, it's something to it's something to pay attention to. So, I think my feeling at this point is capping share size, putting on the max loss. The buying power is in my account, but I would have to override my position size in order to get access to that. I didn't override the position size today. And I'm not going to do it tomorrow. I'm just going to do 10,000 shares max position size and try to have a couple green day base hits. And yeah, might only be 20 cents a share, $2,000 on 10,000 shares. You know, if I had a few base hit days, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, whatever, then I would at least finish the week, even if still red, feeling that I've put some distance between me and the, you know, two big red days. And typically I say once I've made back about half the loss, I start to take the guardrails back off and start trading with bigger size. And certainly responding to my accuracy and performance over the next few days will be important. If my accuracy stays low and I continue to perform poorly, well, at least it'll be with smaller share size, so the total losses will be more manageable. But that would certainly not warrant me increasing position sizes, right? On the other hand, if I start to trade, you know, a bit better and we see good, you know, action in the market, yeah, I'll be with small size, so I won't make as much on it as I might have otherwise, but but that'll also give me confidence cuz I'll have some decent winners, probably with relative the size, and and then maybe I'll go into next week feeling a little bit more grounded and centered. Anyways, so that's it for me. Reminder as always, trading is risky. My results aren't typical. Manage your risk, take it slow, and I'll see you guys back here first thing tomorrow morning. I'll be streaming at 7:00 a.m. for members at Warrior Trading.