Title: Day Trading Watch List for Monday!
Views: 24589
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=5qB-2P8iQjI
======================================================================

What's up everyone? All right, so in today's episode, I'm going to break down my watch list for Monday morning and the game plan for the week ahead. If you've been tuning in to my daily recaps, you know that right now I'm in a little bit of a drawdown. April has not been going according to plan. I suppose optimistically I thought this could be another at least $150,000 green month the way uh February and March were. January was a $400,000 green month for me, averaging sort of the hot market weekly goal of 100,000 a week. But things cooled off in February and March. So, April thinking it was going to stay about the same as March. I was hoping for around $150 $200,000 of profit. Well, I'm currently in the red and that is thanks to a big red day that I suffered on the second day of April. Red $57,000 in one day. So, a week ago when I was recording my game plan for last week, I said, "The last thing that I need is a second big red day on Monday. I need you to just focus on hitting good base hits, getting in, getting green, and getting out." And then, you know what happened on Monday? My very first trade of the day, I was read $5,000. And I was just immediately filled with this sense of anger, frustration. I can't believe it. It's unbelievable. And because I was so focused on having a green day on Monday to not have two red days back to back, I became a bit desperate to take a trade on anything that I thought gave me the chance to now recover that $5,000 loss. Well, you can imagine what ended up happening. The loss got bigger. And so, if we jump on the screen share, you can look at the aftermath here. This was um April 2nd here, $57,000 red day. And then this was Monday, April 6th, a $20,000 red day. All right, so red $77,000 in two days. That's not great. That put me red on the month of April. Now, I was green on April 1st by 5,000. But in any case, this was a pretty deep draw down. So that was Monday. Uh Tuesday green, Wednesday, Thursday a no trade day, and then Friday I finished in the green. So this is the month of April so far. It's not good. It's not pretty at all. Uh $52,000 red on the first week and $7,000 red on the second week. But at least I finished last week uh moving back in the right direction. All right, so what do we do for Monday? Well, at this point, we've got three weeks left in the month. Um while it's true that I'm red and and this may end up being a red month, um there's also more than enough time for me at the very least to finish the month in a better place than I sit right now today. Um or on the other hand I could make it much worse if I am unable to maintain composure. And so you know after one loss you know you take you have your first we can be careful with that. That's a real Sharpie. That is not a whiteboard. Um so after your you know your rally up and then your first loss here. Um I I usually come in thinking look if I can make back this loss you know pretty quickly then you know I don't really have to check myself into trade or rehab. I'm good to go. But if I end up having a second red day and it's pretty big, then all of a sudden I've got to put on the guard rails. Number one, restricted um share size. So restrict the share size. Number two, reduce and tighten up the max loss. And I've done both of those. Working with a 10,000 share max position uh for the rest of the week last week and put a $6,000 max loss on my account. Uh so I can't go down more than that amount. And that will unfortunately mean that even my green days will be smaller as you've seen in the last few days because I can only take 10,000 shares. But I figure once I've made back about half of this loss, then I can start reducing this um guard rail or you know increasing the the max to maybe 20,000 shares and then start to have a couple bigger days and then you know go back to 30,000 shares and then maybe just you know take it off or leave it at 50,000 shares or something like that. So, right now, I'm still down here. Um, I haven't made enough progress to be able to lift the guard rails. Now, it's possible, you know, there could be a day next week where on my first couple trades, I get green, I'm up 5,000, 7,500. Maybe I keep trading, next thing you know, I'm up 10,000, 12,000, and we have a stock that's doing something really exceptional. I would um probably take a little bit more risk once I have a cushion on that kind of day. But I do have to be careful about making that decision before I've recouped half the loss because if I end up being wrong, I could then give back the profit from that nice green day. And I I don't want to I really can't afford to do too much of that. So, you know, after two red weeks here, I'm uh I'm hoping big picture that I can close this week in the green and kind of stabilize the ship a little bit. And so generally with 10,000 share max positions, um the amount that I can make is limited and but the amount that I can lose is also limited. And I've got to be limiting the downside right now. I got to be thinking about reducing downside. So I just stop the bleeding, stabilize and then we can focus on increasing upside once I start showing that uh I can perform better. Now, this is partly I mean to be honest this loss here um you could say it's it was the market um and the market was a contributing factor but in in a large part um this this was just the direct result of me being too aggressive um and me being frustrated and frustration and stubbornness that's that's my that's a personal experience and I was coming to the table with a lot of frustration and stubbornness. Uh, in fact, these last few days of March, um, I was being, you know, even even this week here, I was getting frustrated. I was being stubborn. March was not shaping up to be the month that I had wanted it to be. It's, you know, this is the time of year that's the anniversary of when my father passed away. And it's just this has been a time of year that I tend to be a little um not as well grounded in my trading and a bit more um likely to fall into kind of emotion. And that emotion can come out in a lot of different ways. But when it comes out in my trading, usually it's me being stubborn and getting angry and frustrated. And uh you know, look, that that can work in a hot market. you know, that that's not as bad a thing to be a little aggressive, but in this type of market, it didn't serve me well, as you can tell. So, but again, I think there's certainly other traders that have traded through these last two weeks and suffered or fared far better than me because they didn't come to the table with a short fuse due to their own personal circumstances, right? So, we all come to the table as we do and sometimes that is well suited for the market and other times it's not. So having some degree of acceptance over my current situation here um and the reality that in all likelihood it's going to take 10 decent days uh $5,000 a day for me to make this back, which is going to have me um coming back to flat around the end of next week. Uh if I can have good days like the next two weeks. Um, but if I have a couple red days, then, you know, I might not get back to flat to the end of the month. So, now I've got to kind of batten down the hatches, hunker down, and accept that I'm going to be in the trenches for a little bit. I'm going to be in the draw down, and it's my own doing. It's my own fault. And, um, it just it is what it is. So, but if I am also forgiving in that, yes, it's my fault. Of course, I can't blame anyone but myself for this. But on the other hand, um, is the blame really necessary or is that just a continuation of the emotionally activated state of mind where rather than just um forgiving myself for instance for being human and having you know a setback here where I got really frustrated and angry um you know I I'm instead holding on to it's your own dang fault and this is what you get and you're going to have to suffer through it which is sort of perpetuating those heightened emotions. So this this is all the challenge, the emotional challenge that comes with loss in trading. And this is a career where, you know, every day you're kind of riding that roller coaster of emotions. The ups are great when you're doing well, but the downs can be really difficult. And you don't get one without the other. They they just come as a as a pair in trading. So coming into this new week, um you know, I guess the big picture is the market is still fairly cold. we haven't had a ton of really good opportunities. We haven't had really good catalysts. And even when we've had decent somewhat decent catalyst, the market hasn't responded well to it. So that leaves me um you know, feeling that this coming week will probably continue that theme of being relatively slow. Yeah, you may get a random move in the after hours or early pre-market and then the rest of the day is is cool. And um that's frustrating, but that's that's also typical of a colder market. you can't let that get you FOMO because um it that's that's like what it's designed to do and you can't give into that those emotions either. So my thought is um one challenge for sure and you can see it right here 400 million shares of volume on Rhea and 400 million shares on Craig. A lot of focus has been in the penny stock world. Now, one of the things that I had mentioned last week was that um I don't I don't do well trading penny stocks. I use a broker where if I do $100,000 shares of a penny stock, um it's going to cost me $300 in fees and commissions just to buy and another 300 to sell. So, that's $600 for one 100,000 share trade. If I do 10 of those trades in one day, I'm at $6,000 in fees and commissions. And I know traders who trade penny stocks typically use commission-free brokers for this obvious reason of not wanting to generate $6,000 a day in commission. Um, so penny stocks have long been popular among retail traders using commission free brokers because you could buy, you know, a ton of shares at 50 cents and you hope to sell it all at a dollar and double your money. I've never really u done particularly well with penny stocks. I as the type of day trader that I am, I I've always focused on being very aggressive at very in very small windows where I'll take a lot of risk, but I'm only holding for like two or three minutes. And penny stocks usually to get that, you know, 100% move, you got to hold it for a few hours. And a lot of retail traders do enjoy that, but not me. So, for me, trading these with my current broker really doesn't make a lot of sense. Um, now short sellers, some will go for these, but the other thing is even for a short seller, commissions are going to be a factor the same as they would be for me because they're using the same type of brokers. So, I don't really want to get into trading penny stocks and that just feels like such a, you know, deviating away from my core that that's not a good idea, especially when I'm already kind of in the draw down. But I do have to recognize that that is um an area of the market that's getting a lot of attention. And so if there's a day where there's a penny stock that's getting a lot of volume, that will be taking volume away from something that I might otherwise be looking at. So BENF, for instance, on Friday, you know, this is a stock that um it's just it fits the profile of type of stock that I would like to trade, but it's not fitting the theme of what's currently working well in today's market. And as a result, while it popped up for a moment, it didn't hold up. You know, if we get back into a theme where traders are seeing stocks like this go from $6 to $30 in one day, then, you know, even retail traders using commission free brokers will be buying them at six and thinking they'll sell it at 12 or $15 a share. But right now, we've been seeing a lot more chop in this price range and more interest among retail traders in sort of the really cheap penny stock range. and that's reflected in the volume. So, this is a time where um it's unfortunate that I'm in a draw down and the market's not really um favoring my breadand butter strategy in terms of price range and um mo well mostly price range, but I can't change that. I can choose whether or not I'm going to be really aggressive on stocks that are currently um you know hot, which are the penny stocks, or if I'm going to try to be aggressive on stocks that are not obvious to people, in which case they probably won't perform well because they're more of a distraction and there's dispersed attention. So, unfortunately, I have to wait until the stocks I do well on are back in theme, back in focus. And that may take some time. you know, this is the way the themes are in the market. They come and they go. And so, right now, I feel like I'm kind of on a double um, you know, down because not only am I in a draw down, but the strategy that I typically um do the best on is is not um giving me as many opportunities as it typically would. So, yeah, it's going to be a little bit slow here. Um, on the other hand, I've traded through slow markets before and done very well. It just requires a heightened level of discipline. So, I'll tell you what worked well Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday last week. Waiting for one decent stock. And even if it didn't hold up super well, I was able to get in, get green, and get out. You know, three, four, $5,000. That's decent. Those days average out, you know, over the course of um, you know, weeks and months to significant gains. So, I'm not going to turn my back at them. I just have to be patient waiting each morning for the stock that's obvious. And if there's a day like Thursday where unfortunately penny stocks are just so, you know, capturing everyone's attention that nothing else is able to even get a sort of word in. Um then I'll I'll just have to sit on the sidelines and be patient. So my thought tomorrow morning is that I'll certainly be watching this top gainer scanner very closely and we may sit down at 7 a.m. and already see that there's a penny stock with a ton of volume. in which case that's the leading obvious stock, everything else will be, you know, a bit of a um, you know, distraction perhaps from that one that's obvious. But if our leading gap is only 30%, we don't have any penny stocks that are really up. We don't have any other stocks that are up, then you're going to have more people there sitting on the sidelines waiting for anything to pop up. And if we get something that pops up and starts to hold, then that may be an opportunity where a stock um that I would go for could do well. Sky Q, for instance, this is actually a great example. On Friday, it had 43 million shares of volume, and I mentioned it, you know, being possible for daily continuation, but I kind of wasn't sure. And it did push higher. However, it still pald in comparison to the volume of the penny stocks. And so, was this super clean? Not really. it it really wasn't. Now, if this had been the the leading gapper and the only stock that was up that much, it would have had a lot more volume and a lot more volume would have mean meant a bigger move. So, yeah, we're we're in the trenches right now. It is a little bit difficult, but uh but I felt good finishing last week at least green the last, you know, every day except for Monday. And so, um I'm going to try to have a week a little bit more like that um this week ahead. and I'm gonna see if I can start Monday morning with just being patient, waiting, and then if we get something that looks good, you know, jumping in at that time. So, that's kind of where I'm at right now. It's going to be the top gainer scanner. Um, I'm not going to go through the recent reverse split or the recent IPO scan. I don't think that there's going to be anything I'll find there um in this current market. So, uh it's really just going to be watching the volume and paying attention to what other people are uh trading. And I usually like trading. I I mean I do the best when the most obvious stock in the market is also one that fits well within my price range. That's that's like when it's the perfect storm and you know then that's when the market really starts to heat up. Now we are expecting news this week about the pattern day trader rule which will be very interesting. Um the regulators will be announcing their determination on that. As of right now, there's a $25,000 minimum to day trade, as you know, in the US. The proposal is to reduce that amount to just $2,000. Now, what I find interesting is that there is no pattern day trader rule in crypto. There's no pattern day trader rule in futures. There's no pattern day trader rule in forex. So, reducing the p removing the pattern day trader rule entirely would level the playing field, I suppose, between the other markets. But, uh, at least reducing is a step in the right direction. Uh, so we'll see what happens. If they make the decision to keep it, I'll be really interested in how they kind of justify that given it's so inconsistent with other markets, but uh but ultimately we'll we'll see. We know that FINRA approved it last year and so then they sent it up uh the chain for the next approval which we're expecting to come out I think on April 16th. Um I think that's that's the plan. So it's it's a little ways away but it's coming up here. Um let's see. I guess the 16th is going to be on Thursday. So the 15th is tax day and then yeah the 16th. So that's what we're expecting as of right now. Um pending any announcement about excuse me a delay in um them letting us know where where we stand on that. So that's something that I am looking forward to hearing just so we you know we know which way we're pointed. Uh and that'll I think also give some direction on whether or not we should expect to see more volume coming into the market in the coming months. um and years or if it's going to be kind of status quo. Uh it'll be sort of one or the other. So anyways, that's something to look forward to this week. And I will be streaming as always first thing tomorrow morning. Those you guys that want to check out a twoe trial, the link is posted in the comments and in the description. So you can check out twoe trial for 20 bucks. Watch over my shoulders, I'm trading, you'll also have access to this software right here. And um you know, I'm not the only one, of course, at Warrior Trading. Not only do we have our verified badge holders who provide content in the room, um we've got a few mentors that are also providing market commentary live on audio video. So, um come on over, check it out, see what it's like, and I'll see you guys streaming tomorrow morning at 7 a.m. Reminder as always, trading is risky. My results aren't typical. So, manage your risk, take it slow, and always practice a simulator before putting real money on the line.