Title: Big Green Friday with Multiple 100%+ Squeezes
Views: 23859
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=t2QJH0SuDgc
======================================================================

What's up everyone? Welcome to today's daily market recap. This week has been phenomenal. It's not been a record-breaking week by any means, but it's been super consistent. I mean, I've just been really impressed with the level of volatility that we've been seeing in the market. And a lot of the catalysts that I've been trading this week have been tied into cryptocurrency, which has been really interesting. I didn't expect that, but it kind of began a couple weeks ago with that initial uh private placement on UPXI and then that fed right into a couple more huge moves and then we had a number of them this week. So, as I sit here right now, I'm up 35,41516 on the day. Where's that put me on the month? Well, let's pull up uh my Trader View stats here. So, this is going to be my P&L on the month. uh 199,000 and that was before today. So $234,000 235,000 on the month and we still have a full three weeks left for May. Now we do have the Memorial Day holiday on it's Monday the 26th, but nonetheless we still have a lot a lot of time left this month and I'm I'm really impressed. Now, if we look back to um April, in April, I had a um a record-breaking week right here for this is the best week of the of the year so far. 200,000. Uh but that was thanks to 55,000 on Monday and then 61,000 on Tuesday and then another 50,000 on Thursday. Friday was totally slow. Wednesday was, you know, medium. And so, you know, you could argue that in fact this week has been, I mean, a bit more consistent. 38 29 33 24 and now 35 today. So, you know, month to date. Let's take a look at the metrics and just kind of see where we're at. So, this month, let's check accuracy first. So, I'm going to run the report. I'm going to switch over to the detailed window right here. And accuracy 82% right here on the month. Average winners 24,400 bucks. Average losers $418. Average losers only holding them half a minute. basically bailing instantly. Average winners 4 minutes long. So, I mean, yeah, if I could maintain these for 6 months, I'd be blown away. But, you know, we look at the year to date, and I haven't been able to maintain those kind of metrics over, you know, year to date. Year to date, I'm at 72% accuracy. Um, 20,000 average daily gain versus 33. So, you know, but nonetheless, sitting at 1.7 million on the year right now and it's May, so we still have a lot a year left and my goal is still 5 million. And if I can keep averaging, you know, $30,000 a day, that's well, I'll I'll certainly actually exceed it. So, we'll see what happens. All right. So, so enough of that. I just thought I'd throw that out there just to kind of show you where where we're at right now, where I'm at. Um, I'll I'll remind you as always, my results aren't typical. I've been doing this for a long time, but I will say uh what I will say is that the market right now seems to be quite favorable for the momentum day trading strategy. So, we're in a little window here where there's a pocket of opportunity and I want to try to capitalize on it as much as I can because inevitably, you know, things will slow down again. And when they slow down, I've got to be able to take my foot off the gas, be patient, wait until things pick back up before I lean in again. All right. So, this morning, um, pulled up the scans on my phone fairly early this morning and saw ZKIN. All right. So, ZKIN, this one made a big move yesterday, continued the move this morning, and I was like, well, you know, nice after hours, but realistically, we're sort of stairstepping down, right? So, when I sat down at about 7 a.m., I just thought, you know, it kind of reminds me of ASST. And the last couple days when we tried to trade ASST, it wasn't really that clean. So, you know, ASST had a similar sort of pre-market move here uh just the other day, which I'll show you. So, kind of squeezed up and then sort of pulled back and it did end up working at the open, but it but it was sort of choppy this morning. ASST has pulled back a little bit. Oh, and I just saw NVE just got halted up. Nice. Nice breakout. This one I had on watch um over that level right there of 265. So nice to see that squeeze into a halt and and that's up 157%. The headline on this is um what was it? Let's see. I'm going to pull it up over here. There was some news on it about cryptocurrency. I'm pretty sure. Let me just double check. So engages crypto venture to accelerate digital asset strategy. This is so funny. This is the headline that we keep seeing. Um, it it's it's really kind of I mean it seems like almost silly. SRXH, this stock squeezed up like 200% this morning from 50 cents to $1.50 on news of purchasing $ 1.5 million in cryptocurrency tokens. I mean, if all it takes to go up 200% is to create a company, buy a million and a half dollars of crypto, and your stock will go up 250% or whatever. I mean that that seems kind of outrageous but you know this is we get into these cycles in the market where they we just see this exuberance and this is always the line between fear and greed. Right now people are being a little greedy. They're being pretty aggressive and there's a lot of momentum in the market but that will switch to fear at some point. Some of these will start doing big rejections. Some people will get burned and then you'll realize uhoh I got to step back here before I give back too much of my profit. So, when I sat down, saw ZKIN, I didn't think that was very interesting. Skipped over that one, uh, but noticed GPUs was still holding up quite nicely. So, this one had made this nice move yesterday and I'd gotten some profit on it, although a little reluctantly, but I did trade it this morning. It did have news out. And so, I took my first trade getting in right here and I was looking for the squeeze through 928. We came up to about 928 and there was a big seller on the ask. I got out and we caught this big flush which was disappointing. So, that was not really the trade that I was hoping to start the day on. It was green, but I gave back. It wasn't nearly what it could have been because of that big flush. So, finished up $2,200 on it. That was my first trade of the day. And if we kind of pull this back and even just look at the 10-second chart on it, you can see how you sort of got this consolidation right here. And then as it started to pop up right there, I jumped in it. It squeezes up, goes up to a high of about, you know, from this was about 9870 up to about 928 and then that's where it hit that seller and then it dropped back down. So kind of a quick trade jumping in jumping out there but you know got the first couple thousand dollar of profit on the leaderboard and with that was looking for the next trade. So that was about 10 7. So then the next trade came at about 7:25 on WBUY. Weeby. Now, Weeby was a stock that I traded or actually I don't think I traded it. I saw it on the scanners yesterday. It squeezed up in one candle from $10 a share to $26 and then it gave it all back and actually sold off a bit more and then sold off a bit more and then this morning popped up and popped up, pulled back and so right here, right there, I said, "Well, there seems to be a little bit of a resistance line, right? And this is the level I was watching. And so this morning as it popped up, I jumped in at what price? 1160. I thought, "Yeah, 1160. We're breaking the flat top." So I got in at 1160. Um or it was just under that level. And I was looking for the squeeze through 1160. So let's see. So anyways, jumped in there. Um got a partial fill on my first order. Actually filled uh just underneath that level and then took profit as it came up to 1160. Then I added back at 12. So all of a sudden, uh, 1198. So added back right there at 12, but I only got 554 shares filled of a 4500 share order. I only filled 500 shares. So, you know, I took my profit on it and then I ended up adding at 13, which was a dollar a share higher. And then taking profit, it squeezed to 14. And so in this move here, I only made about $3,000 even though the stock went up like $7 a share. And the problem was that I was not getting full orders filled on any of my uh any of my trades. It was just there wasn't a lot of volume. It was thinly traded and so I only was getting small orders filled, which was disappointing. So then um so after that it pulls back a little bit. I got a nice dip off 16. It pops back up to 18. and that right there along with this dip and this pop and then this curl right here. These were the areas where I was able to take full-size positions, but it's kind of, you know, so I made $3,000 on that huge spike or maybe it was 4,000 and then I made the rest here, but it was because I was able to accumulate 5 10,000 share positions and get 50 cents a share and do that three or four times and boom, there you've got $21,000 in profit. So, this was not super easy. um and then you know higher price and what's really interesting is look at the open all of a sudden the volume spikes but you know what also happened at the open was the spreads they didn't get tighter they got bigger now this seems counterintuitive higher volume should mean tighter spreads but it was the opposite and this is can this has been happening on a regular basis at the open and I'm attributing it to the fact that at the open people start using market orders and the high frequency trading algorithms that are executing and responding to these market orders are keeping the spreads bigger because when you do a market order to buy, you fill basically you're telling the broker you'll fill at whatever price. When you do a market order to sell, you're saying you'll fill at whatever price. So the bigger the spread, who makes more money? The market maker. So I think they're keeping the spreads larger at the open so they can profit more on this retail order flow. That's the only thing I can I can attribute it to. I don't know what else it would be that would have the stock in, you know, relatively reasonable tight spreads essentially, you know, more or less from this point forward. From this point forward, the spreads became tighter. They were a little bit bigger right through here and the liquidity wasn't great. And then, you know, they they tightened up pretty well. And then all of a sudden here, in spite of higher volume, the spreads got bigger. Again, that doesn't make sense. So, because of that, I didn't feel comfortable taking any more trades in this area. It was just too choppy. You could see we popped up, we halted up, we dipped down, we halted up, we halted down, we came back up. It was just, it was too difficult. So, so that was wee buy. Uh, and then we had ST YA, S YTA. So, SYTA pops up. And on this one, I got in at a $150. Now, if I show you the candles on the one minute chart, you'll probably look at this and say, I don't understand why you bought right there at $150. That doesn't make sense. So, let me show you on the 10-second chart. On the 10-second chart, you're going to see exactly where I got in. So, I'm going to back this up and I'm going to show you right there. Boom. Right there. So, we squeezed up to $150, but we pulled back for about 10 20 seconds and then pushed higher and then pulled back for another 30 seconds and then pushed higher. So, bought the dip there, bought the dip there, bought the dip here, and sold as we were getting these um you know, this squeeze to the upside. So ended up with $8,500 in profit on SYTA, which was really nice. So that sent me from up 24,000 on the day to up about 33,000 on the day. And then the last trade was NVE. So NVE, which you know has continued without me. Great to see. Uh I took my first trades on this a little bit earlier here. So on this one, we had this uh pop, the pullback, curled back up, and I took that trade right there for the break through $2. So that was my trade that I took on NVE and uh and that was it. So I didn't overstay my welcome today. I didn't overtrade. I may be leaving a little profit on the table, but I'm walking away with some good profit in my pocket. So what does the next week have in store for us? I don't know. It's just going to be a guess. Now, of course, I'll upload my game plan on Sunday night, which will be my watch list for Monday morning. But for those of you guys who've been watching on the sidelines, I would encourage you to join us for a couple weeks. It's a two-eek trial for 20 bucks. You can watch over my shoulder as I'm trading the markets. And during the two-eek trial, you'll have access to Day Trade Dash, this software right here, scanners, charts, newsfeed, the chat room, everything else. And you'll get access to a few classes so over the weekend, you can start studying up to get yourself a little bit more prepared for Monday morning. Now, I want to remind you as always to practice the new strategies you're learning in a simulator before you ever put real money on the line. So, thank you guys as always for tuning in. Support the channel by hitting the thumbs up and subscribing. And I'll put links to a couple other episodes right here, here, and over there that you guys can check out. And I hope you enjoy them. And I will see you bright and early on Monday morning.