Title: Day Trading Watch List for TUESDAY (We had 250% Short Squeeze on Friday)
Views: 22676
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=FvAUfj6z2oE
======================================================================

What's up everyone? All right, so in today's episode I'm going to break down my watch list for Tuesday morning. We're currently enjoying a long weekend. Markets are closed here for Memorial Day. So those of you guys in the States, I hope you guys are enjoying the long weekend. Those of you guys that are located outside the United States, well, you had a day off from trading, which is kind of disappointing I suppose because the market's been at least this month a little bit on the slower side. However, last week we did have a couple of big moves ending with Friday AKTX going up over 250%. In fact, it peaked at about 300%, which is a pretty nice move for a Friday. I've noticed an interesting phenomenon recently where I think we know that in the last year or so, maybe last 6 months, the market's been a little softer for small caps. We've had you know, the crypto markets rolled over towards the end of last year and there were a lot of small cap companies that took on crypto treasury strategies where they invested in cryptocurrencies. So people would basically use their stock just as a proxy to invest in the cryptocurrency. But if they used their stock, they could buy using two times leverage. Whereas using cryptocurrency on a lot of platforms you can't buy using leverage. So it allowed people to buy essentially unleveraged cryptocurrency. And that was a great idea in theory for those companies if the price of those cryptocurrencies kept going higher. But they didn't. They came down. So because of the hundreds of small cap companies that took on crypto strategy crypto treasury strategies, we ended up towards you know, Q1 of this year and continuing into Q2, we ended up seeing a lot less momentum in number of these small cap names because all of those hundreds of companies are now kind of you know, out of play because they're not performing super well because the investment the underlying investment isn't doing well. However, uh that has created an interesting situation here where we've seen a lot of these stocks that pop up are getting more aggressively shorted. More aggressively shorted, um increased demand for short-selling has also increased the price of borrowing and locating uh shares, which I've noticed even on Lightspeed when I check the borrow rates, they're much higher than they typically would be. That means the cost to short a lot of these small-cap stocks is higher, which means you need to make a bigger profit in order to justify it. Now, we've also seen margin requirements for short-selling go up. So, typically, when you trade to the long side, if you want to buy $100,000 worth of stock, just for example, you put in $100,000. You need 100,000 in your account if you don't have any if you're using no leverage. And with uh a day-trading broker, you can have as little as 25,000 in the account, and that would allow you to buy up to $100,000, four times leverage, $100,000 of stock. But with short-selling, a lot of brokers are creating a margin requirement where in order to short a stock, you need 2x, 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x cash to support the position, which means if you want to short 100,000 shares, $100,000, you need $500,000 in your account. Or if you want to short $10,000, you need 50,000 in your account. Why do you need so much extra money? Well, because they're anticipating the risk potential that the stock could go up 5x, right? And they don't want the broker doesn't want to be on the hook if you end up getting caught in a stock that keeps halting, jumping up, that goes from $5 to 30 or $40 a share, and they can't get you out because it keeps halting back to back to back. So, they just say, "Look, if you want to short this stock, you just need a lot of money in your account to cover the potential loss." And a lot of these brokers also are not allowing traders to hold short positions overnight, which means if you took a short position on something like AKTX, you know, somewhat early in the trading session, hoping that this thing would roll over and just fade all the way back down, then let's just mark out the closing bell. So, the closing bell is right here. So, that's when all shorts have to be covered on their position before the 4:00 p.m. closing bell. So, now all of a sudden, in the 30 minutes of the hour 30 minutes going into the close, we're seeing this rally because shorts are running out of time to cover the position for a profit. And now they're starting to panic a little bit. And we've seen this on a number of stocks over the last couple weeks. We saw it on TDIC, which made a big move going into the closing bell. And look, TDIC is now back down at 40 cents a share. So, it's not the short sellers were wrong, it's that just that they were trading too early. This thing went from $3 to $36 a share. Uh WOK was another one that made a very big move as well. It's now back at 11 cents a share. It's not surprising, it's a Chinese company. The, you know, the price action that we've seen on a lot of these has been quite suspicious, but if you're shorting the front side of the move, all of a sudden, that's when you can get a squeeze. So, all that is to say that I think that we're seeing a little bit of a shift in the market. I think that short sellers are being aggressive, but a lot of these stocks are still holding up fairly well. And so, I think it's going to make the shorts a little bit more cautious on which of the stocks they're going to get aggressive on and kind of exactly how to time it. So, I think that that for long biased traders does provide a little bit of an edge, even in spite of the fact that, you know, we don't have the tailwind of the crypto market at all-time highs and, you know, things like that. I think this little phenomenon that's going on right now is part of the natural cycle, the ebb and flow between of control between the longs and the shorts, the bulls and the bears in the market. And there's always that kind of tug-of-war. So, AKTX put in a really big move on Friday. Is it something that I would watch for Tuesday morning? Well, at this point I don't usually like this this spot because this to me feels like I could be buying here, but this was the peak and we're on the backside of the move. I think this is the spot where shorts are going to feel a little bit more confident. They might have felt that way in this area as well as it started to roll over and they could have made a little profit before covering, you know, and getting out. So, where's the point where this could come back up and be back in play? And usually I would say if it can retrace about half of this move, if it gets so, if it gets back over like $16 a share, then that's kind of the level where I'd say, all right, now we've got a shot at a retest of the high from Friday. So, I would keep this one on watch for that level. I don't know if it's going to happen. I feel like the odds are a little bit lower. I don't think it's as likely, but if it does, that's the level that I would watch. So, that was AKTX. That's on the watch list for Monday. Then we had or Tuesday. So, then we had PCLA. This is another one here that you could see kind of similar price action. We'll go full screen on this chart. So, it makes a big move in after hours, then it pulls back, then it kind of goes sideways. And all things considered, it didn't roll over, it didn't die off. So, it is still in play. Yesterday or Friday ends up being this sort of smaller candle here on the daily chart. We'll get it on the daily chart here. So, if we continued on Tuesday, it would just be a daily continuation. It wouldn't be for sale if it can make a new high or something, you know, that we might like a little bit more. So, I think this one could be worth keeping an eye on, but I don't know if it's going to work. R Y O J, this one gave us a big pop, but then gave back too much to the move as you could see right here. Even though it still ended up being up over 146% because it retraced that much the move in order for it to be back in play, you know, where would it have to get back up to? It would have to get back over this pivot here at around $6 a share. So, if it got back above that level, I'd be interested in a retest of eight, but we're a little ways away from that. So, that one's kind of probably not going to work. Um, now I want to check my scanner. I like to check my after-hours top gainers scanners um just to take a peek at what was moving in after-hours on Friday. We had ARTL with a 2.3 million share flow. This might get continuation early tomorrow morning, so I would watch that one. PHGE for me is a little too cheap. QTEX is too cheap. TKLF, that one's only got uh an 18% gain, so it's not quite enough for me to be interested in. So, now we've got a watch list of AKTX, PCLA, ARTL. These are all maybes. Now, what I will definitely be doing of course on Monday or Tuesday of course is um watching our top gainer scanner to see bright and early which stocks are leading the way, which ones are the most obvious. That's really what has paid off the most this month so far. Sitting right now at just under $100,000 of profit on the month. You know, 150,000 has kind of been my cold market monthly goal roughly. So, I'm a little shy of that right now, but I've got the last week here um and the last four days to see if I can make my way up towards 150. And with a $46,000 day like the one I had here on May 4th, that could happen in one trade. So, last Monday was a really good day. Tuesday was a little slower. Wednesday and Thursday, no trades. And then Friday broke the ice with a few trades. If anything, you can see I'm under trading. Only 19 trades last week. 13 on the best week of the month. But I'm being aggressive when I see a setup I like. And I think that really is the name of the game. Sit on the sidelines, you know, hold tight. And then, boom, strike when you see something that looks good. So, for those of you guys who haven't already checked out a two-week trial here at Warrior Trading, I'll put the link in the description so you can check it out. But, if you have checked out two-week trial, you should know that right now our Memorial Day sales are underway. So, this would be a great time to join us. When you come over to our website, you'll see the special discounts that we have on our uh on our Warrior Pro membership and our Warrior Starter membership. So, Memorial Day sale right here, you could see starting at 597 for the Warrior Starter. And then the Warrior Pro includes my entire curriculum of educational courses, and that starts a little bit more. You could see over here. If you go to join now, you can check out our sale. So, ending in as of right now, 2 days, 13 hours, and 9 seconds. 8 seconds, 7, 6, 5. All right. So, you get the idea. When you guys become a Warrior Pro member, you also enjoy a 7-day satisfaction guarantee, which means you've got 7 days to go through the chat room, use the tools, and and the go through some of the classes and see whether or not this is a good fit for you. So, if you've been on the sidelines for a little bit, I hope you guys check this out. I think that you know, we're coming to the end of May. June should be an interesting month for a couple of reasons. Number one, the pattern day trader rule is going to be gone effective June 4th. So, that's in like 2 weeks. We've got the SpaceX IPO coming up, which should be very interesting. And so all this combines to potentially create uh a very interesting summer. So, I'll be here as always and would love to have you guys come on over and check it out. So, with that, I'll remind you guys as always that trading is risky. My results aren't typical. So, I want you guys to manage your risk, take it slow, and always practice in a simulator before putting real money on the line. I will see you bright and early streaming at 7:00 a.m. tomorrow morning.