Title: Prediction Markets Catalyst Sends Stock Up Over 100%
Views: 24521
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=CVBv8tPpyxA
======================================================================

What's up everyone? All right, so in today's episode, I'm going to break down my trades from the morning. I'm sitting in the green here on High Roller. This is the same stock that I had my biggest trade of the year on back in January. In January, the company put out news that they're getting into the prediction market space like Cali and some of these um Poly Market uh companies and and they were going to do that through a partnership with Crypto.com. So, that news came out in January and the stock at that time squeezed from um what was about $2 a share all the way up to a high of about $36 as you could see right here. So, an incredible move. Then it sells off. The company does a secondary offering raising more money. The float goes up and it sort of bottoms out here today. It pops up again. Well, what was the headline? The headline was that they've executed the agreement that they signed previously. So, that didn't feel to me like a super substantial headline. I was sort of I I really didn't expect it to make this big of a move, especially considering that attention clearly is still on penny stocks. Look at these lower price uh stocks right here and the amount of volume that they've got. This is like 700 million shares of volume just between the two leading gainers. So, SNAL, PMNT, I mean, these are just cranking on volume. Yesterday, we had um what was it? Uh, I've got to check the continuation scanner. Uh, we had one yesterday that, um, RMSG that made a really big move, like four 500%. And, as you know, I don't usually trade these. Well, um, these are stocks that there's a lot of penny stock traders out there that are speculative beginner traders who'll just put in $10,000. They throw it in, it's they're not even doing share size. They're just doing, I'm putting in 10,000 and let's see if this doubles today. and if it goes to 20,000 they're selling. And it's a very different mentality uh of you know quote trading. I it's not really the type of day trading that I would consider myself to be or or to do. Um it's much more speculative but you know when I first got into the market I was looking for penny stocks because you know those were the type of stocks that I thought with a small account I should be trading. I think, yeah, $10,000 of a penny stock. And if this thing ends up going up, you know, 2x, I'll make, you know, I'll double my money. So, these continue to garner a lot of attention among retail traders, especially beginner traders, and there are a lot of beginners in the market. So, the result from, you know, the last few days of these types of moves is that traders are keep looking for the next one. So, today, SNAL, lots of volume. This one's been very popular. PMNT popular earlier, but pulling back a little bit. This one started the move after hours. So from like 15 20 or 20 30 cents all the way up to 80 cents. In any case, um, High Roller comes out with this news here and the news came out at 8 a.m. It starts popping up as you can see right here. Interestingly, the stock had already popped up a little bit yesterday and after hours and even was popping up at 7:45 this morning and then the news comes out. See, that's already a little suspicious. So, the news comes out and when I pull up the stock, the first thing I noticed was that it is easy to borrow. So, as you can see right here, there's a big E, which means the stock is free to borrow. You don't have to pay to locate shares. Usually, when stocks are easy to borrow, they're a little bit more crowded at the beginning of the move, and this is this one certainly was. So, it starts grinding up, but it's a little bit uh slower to pull away. And I I sort of had low expectations for it. I looked on the daily chart and I observed that uh there were a couple of interesting areas. 749 right there. Uh and then back here was 673 and when it first popped up it was at like $5. Uh 617 right here and then kind of down in this area here 585. So then as it broke these levels I was like well geez now we've got room up to 948 the high right here. And then we've got room up to 10. If we break that level we've got room up to 1175. And look at that. Almost right to the penny. Okay, so these daily levels are definitely respected. So, how did I trade it? Well, I didn't trade it for the beginning of the move. I kept thinking, why don't I just wait to see if this thing can hold up? Um, by the way, we had a CMD earlier this morning that popped up and ended up, what is CMND at today? Let's just check. CMND is now down 37% on the day. They posted clinical trials, which appeared positive. It meets primary endpoint in FDA approved phase one 2A clinical trial for alcohol use disorder and now the stock's down 37%. I don't understand it. I really don't. So, this had just done this kind of roundtrip move. This started at 7:30. Um, there's another stock that was weak this morning. I can't remember the ticker. Uh, but in any case, I thought when ROR popped up, I just, you know, I was like, I don't know. Let's just see. It's probably going to pop up, roll over, and then maybe there'll be a curl later. But it kept kind of just moving higher, right? So, it goes from six up to 650. Kind of watching it, but I was like, I don't know. It's easy to borrow. I don't think I should jump in here. Then it goes up to seven. Then up to 745, then a little topping tail. So, I'm like, all right, that maybe that's the high. Then it pulls back. Then it goes up to 750. Then it pulls back. Then it taps eight. All right, whole dollar. That's probably it. We start to get a red candle here. We're pulling back. This is on the 10-second. And then we rally back up through eight. We break eight, topping tail, we pull back, we pop up to 850, we pull back up to 860, we pull back, and then it pulls away and goes all the way up to 10. And I was like, well, geez, I you know, what am I going to do up here? So, um, I did end up getting a trade, um, and it was, uh, this pullback right in here for a curl back up. Um, and I was fine with that. I mean, it was not a big trade, but I got about 23 cents a share on 10,000 shares, locking up $2,331.92 from 931, 938 up to 958. Not a huge winner, but it's green. I'm grateful for that. I certainly need the wins right now being still in a draw down. But when we look at this on the one minute chart, you can see how you have that nice ascending volume, but this sort of rejection right there. Then it goes and then a dogee candle red. Then a topping tail candle here. Gravestone dogee and then it rips back up here and then it goes all the way up. Little double top pushes higher. That was on the 10-second. Then it pulls back. Then it comes up again to 10. Then then this was our first jack knife candle. That was our second jack knife candle. There was sort of one here as well, meaning it pops up, drops down, or drops down, pops up. Just a big candle wick and then it rallies here and I just say, you know, I I I don't want to mess with it. Um I don't have enough of a cushion. I'm I've just got to keep chipping away at base hits. It's unfortunate to be in a draw down and have to be more conservative, but it's better than the alternative, which is continuing to lose. So, um that was it. I I didn't overtrade today. undertrading if anything, but trying to focus on just finding one good stock each day. Get in, get green, get out, don't overstay my welcome. That's the name of the game. That's the path to recovery. And so that's what I'm doing now. Um, this week we do have the possibility of getting news about the pattern day trader rule, which I think we're all um, you know, kind of anxiously awaiting. It's the news is supposed to come out, um, on the 16th, the day after tomorrow. And so that's, you know, currently something that, um, could be a pretty big deal this week. So definitely stay tuned for that. It could be a gamecher in trading. You know, this is the first time the pattern day trader rule has been seriously looked at in um you know and considered having it removed or greatly reduced uh since it was put into place over 25 years ago. So for my entire career, I've been subject to this pattern day trader rule which has required me to keep more than $25,000 in my account. If this um if this uh rule proposal goes through, the amount will be reduced down to just $2,000. That is pretty exciting. So, um you know, at this point, we we we don't know. We don't know if it's going to get approved or not. And if it does get approved, we don't know if there might be additional things that um you know, come with that approval. So, we're kind of playing a waiting game right now. But, um, anyway, something to, uh, look forward to a little bit this week in terms of hopefully getting, uh, some news on that. And, you know, as always, I'll be back at it, you know, first thing tomorrow morning, chipping away a little bit at recovering some of the loss and hoping that we get a couple more days of moves like ROR to give me a little more confidence to get more aggressive on them when they start to pop up. But right now, still, um, being conservative, I think that's the right approach. So, a reminder as always, trading is risky. My results aren't typical. I'll be back at it first thing tomorrow morning streaming at 7 a.m. for members here at Warrior Trading.