Title: Israeli Defense Stock Squeezes 75% on Breaking News
Views: 24503
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=KnpatDLAxjY
======================================================================

What's up everyone? Alright, so in today's episode I'm going to break down my trades from the morning. I thought today was going to be a no trade day, but I finally broke the ice with my only trade of the day. Well, I had a couple trades, but the finally the stock that hit my scanners I was willing to trade. It met the five pillars of stock selection and that wasn't until about 9:15 this morning. So right at the end of the window when I typically make the most money and I was sort of second guessing whether or not I should even try to trade at that time of a day considering I didn't have any cushion. Because the downside is that I take my first trade at 9:15, I lose, and next thing you know, my window is closing and I have no chance of recovery. However, so while that was in the back of my mind as a risk, I felt confident in the setup that I traded and for me anytime I look at a setup and and I just and like pressing the buy button right away, it's because I am so confident. I have such high level of intuition that this is going to work. Now, I don't know how big of a winner it'll be, but I'm confident that the setup that my odds for success are higher than the odds that I will lose on it. And so I broke the ice 9:15 and I took a trade and I end up getting green. And so now we've got a recap, which is great. We've got a trade that we can go over and for members we're going to go over the live trading archives when I finish the recap here. So let's go ahead and jump on to the screen share and break it down. You will see that I am up 5,000 $828.68 on MTEK, MTEK. This is a stock that is also is an Israeli company and it came out with a catalyst tied into defense and that certainly makes sense with a conflict that's going on in the Middle East right now. When it first popped up, I wasn't really sure it was going to work. It popped up here from about 190 up to 225 and then at about 227 there was a 15,000 share seller. And I thought, "That's kind of a big seller to come out this early on." It ends up breaking. It goes up to a high of 33 then it pulls back. And then it pulls away here up to 39 and pulls back again. And then it goes up to 50 right here and then it pops all the way up to 67. And that was where I got interested. That's when I was like, "Okay, I think we've got something that I can work with here." So, my first trade on it was actually buying 10,000 shares at 278 and 280. That entry came right around here. So, we squeezed up. We then dipped down just for a second and I bought that dip. It pops up to 90. I took some profit off the table. So, I was out at 89, 87 for about $900 of profit. All right, it's not a home run but that's a base hit. I felt pretty good about that. It dips down again and that was right here and I got back in. I added back at 87, 89 and 90 and I was looking for the break through three. It wasn't able to break through three but I was still able to book a profit selling at 99 and 97. It dips down again right here. It comes back up, hits a high of 301 and at this point I was waiting for the one minute to give us a pullback. So, on the one minute chart we had let's see, two, four, six, seven green candles in a row. This candle goes red, it pulls back. The next candle goes red and it dips down just to about the volume weighted average price. And I didn't know at that moment if this thing was just going to keep selling off cuz we have a couple yesterday that broke VWAP and they just rolled over completely. But then we got first candle to make a new high and boom, I punched it right there. Got in for the first candle to make a new high, took a bigger position, was already up 3,000 on the day. It's squeezes up to a high of 316. I took profit off the table, was up $10,000 on the day. Then I added back 10,000 shares right there at 310 looking for that continuation higher and it rejects, drops down, and I lost about well, let's see. It's Uh, see actually I still had 7,000 shares or maybe 8,000 shares when I added the 10,000. So I had 18,000 shares total uh, a little over $3 and I stopped out as it dropped back down to 78. And so I ended up giving back five grand. All right, well, easy come easy go. I'm grateful to be green. So made 10 grand on the way up, lost five grand on the rejection. I'm still walking away with $5,000 in my pocket. That's more than I had three hours ago. So I'd say it's a good day, but it is disappointing to see that high volume rejection right there. And that is the high of day. So why did that happen? I don't have a good reason for it. It, you know, there could have been someone that decided they just wanted to dump shares. Could have been a short seller. Stock is not on short sale restriction, so short sellers can hit the bid on it. Um, so whether it was a short or someone who's been holding for a while who wanted to sell, I don't really know, but in any case, once that candle was formed, that's now part of the history of this stock. A big, you know, sort of false breakout. I will say that I don't feel emotionally activated at all about giving back five grand. Yesterday I was more upset about giving back 20,000 because I peaked at 72 and finished at 52. However, that was only 30% of my gain yesterday. I gave back 30% and I was more upset than I am today giving back 50%. So you could tell that the issue here is not as much as the percentage is the amount of money. Losing $20,000 is like you could buy you could buy 20 used Saabs with that kind of money. I mean, this is like I could have a fleet of 1990 Saab's sitting in my yard for $20,000. This is like this is some hard cash and it's gone. Losing five grand, I don't know. I that just it's easier for me to let that go and not feel as stressed about it. It's just as the number starts to get bigger and especially because the market has been colder, you know, I obviously had a great day yesterday being up 72,000 at the peak, but because the market has been colder giving back 20 grand, you know, I wasn't even up 20,000 on the month. You know, I'd had four three or four days I guess let's see Monday, Tuesday. So, two days of being up five grand, right? So, two days of showing up and then, you know, those last couple trades to get back 20 grand yesterday was a little bit more upsetting. Again, the glass is half full. I wasn't that beat up about it, but just comparatively even though I did give back half today, I I don't really feel much of anything about that and part of it was because I was pretty certain it was going to be a no trade day. I mean, I didn't take my first trade until it was like 9:22. That's very unusual, but, you know, broke the ice or whatever it was like right up here broke the ice, added a little more, you know, added a little more and then gave back some. Well, all right. So, I had what ended up being about five minutes of trading and I think that also is kind of interesting. So, I had to sit down here at 7:00 a.m. You know, I had to be here for the full two and a half hours, three hours just to be able to be present for when this opportunity presented itself. It's just like, you know, other thing I mean like if you think about going fishing or something. It's not like you could just drop your hook in and you catch a fish immediately. You you have to put in the time and you know, with trading I have to put in the time and at any time during the window that I typically do well, we could have a good opportunity and some days I'm going to do really well. There'll be lots of opportunities. Other days there might be nothing or other days there's nothing nothing nothing nothing until the last, you know, 5 minutes and then suddenly it's like, "Whoa, there it is. I was about to give up." So, you know, I'm glad that I I'm glad that I stuck around. Now, you could argue, well, you know, where do you draw the line of when to show, you know, when to walk away each day, you know, how soon to sit down how early to sit down each day. And that gets back to this topic that I discussed earlier in the week, which is really it's it's a personal choice and it's how much time do you want to spend in the market? You know, if if you're comfortable sitting down at 4:00 in the morning and staying here until, you know, 8:00 p.m. you won't miss you won't miss anything in theory. If you don't mind peeing in a bottle, you also don't have to worry about missing anything. I mean, how far do you what do you do, right? So, I got up yesterday to make a cup of tea and I missed, you know, like a five-point move. I didn't think it was going to break out. The MACD was negative. It didn't really make sense that it was going to break out at that time, but it did and I missed it. So, do I have to put a tea kettle next to my desk? You know, I don't know. Should I attach a computer monitor to the ceiling of my bedroom and just roll over at 4:00 a.m. and start trading? The You could and I'm sure some people have. So, it's really up to you where you draw the line. The way I do it is and I'm pulling up my metrics here. I know statistically the time of day that I've made the most money. And part of that is, you know, part of that is based on the fact that I'm on the East Coast. I I tend to, you know, like to trade and then be done for the day. Just as a side when I was in end of high school and first couple years of college where I was working as a teacher. I was a an assistant to the main teacher at a pottery studio and we would have pottery classes early in the morning. And so they I don't remember what time they started, maybe 8:00 a.m. Maybe it was like 8:00 a.m. We'd have a class from 8:00 to 9:30. It was like an hour and a half long class for kids. And then we'd have like an hour long break and then at 10:30 or whatever there'd be another class that would go till noon. And then then we so we had those two morning classes for kids. And they had some home school kids and different programs that that the the woman that ran the center did. And so I was there and I would help with those classes and help with clean up and everything else. And then from noon there would be nothing until an evening class that started at like 7:00. And that went from 7:00 until like 8:30. And by the time I was done cleaning up, you know, it was like 9:00. And that was that was a terrible schedule because, you know, I'd do like 4 hours in the morning and then I'd have 6 hours off essentially. And then I'd come back for another 4 hours or 3 hours, you know, in the evening. And so I felt like I I couldn't really unwind in the afternoon cuz it was like ah I got to go back to work at 7:00, right? And I feel like with trading the way I'm kind of wired is I like to get my work done. And then when my work's done uh it's like I'm done. You know, and it would be really hard for me to have the type of job I sometimes think about this when I go to like concerts and stuff and I see these, you know, musicians who don't go on stage till like 7:00 at night or 8:00 at night. Whatever maybe later. And I'm like how how do you like how do you mentally do that where you spend your whole day I would have so much anxiety of like my whole day kind of waiting for the performance. I'd rather just wake up, perform, and then I'm done, right? I don't know. So, anyways, we're trading because there's this degree of performance um sport, so to speak. You know, you you have to perform and be at your best. I I guess I feel like I would rather get up, show up, do the best I can, and then be completely done. I don't like to trade for 3 or 4 hours, then take a break, and then try to come back. I find that to be very difficult for me, and I just I don't know. It's just Maybe it's Maybe it's me. Maybe Maybe Maybe that's just me. But anyways, um that's kind of how I feel about it. So, So, for, you know, pretty much Well, certainly the last 10 years, uh I've been quite disciplined in terms of time of day with uh sitting down pretty early, so we can see the time of day, you know, trades between 7:00 a.m. and 9:00 a.m. Oh, wait, this is not the right What What are we looking at here? We'll just go um I'll just do since like 20 15 here. We'll just do like a long stretch of time. All right, so um All right, so that's that's fine. This is just what my Roth IRA account. But in any case, um so, you can see this distribution of trades here, where this is where I make the most money, and this is where I do the most trading. So, number of trades total profit. And you would think they would overlay pretty nicely, and they do. Um but you see that I do have some trades here, and we don't see the correlating profit there. So, that that is a divergence right there. There's also a little divergence with a lot of trades at 9:00 a.m., but only a little more profit than I make between 7:00 and 8:00 a.m. uh or between 8:00 and 9:00 a.m. uh right there. So, anyways, but the the point remains that I do the best in this time of the day and because of this pattern here where I take the trades but I don't produce profit, I've become uh better at saying, "Let's just forget about it. Why why overstay my welcome?" So, for like the last year, um let's just say, you know, 2025 uh into 2026, um the quantity of trades here has certainly declined. Um 48 I mean, there's some in there, but they've they've declined. And even the ones that I took still did not produce a profit. Sometimes when you have metrics, they can box you in. You think, "Oh, well, my metrics say I only trade well here." But do you ever try to go outside the metrics and see what happens? And you can see I do periodically try to test it, but it doesn't produce profit. So, it's like, "No, go back go back to where you came from." Um and so, with um January, you know, through current, again, produced basically no profit in the afternoon. Uh but my number of trades is very minimal. One, two, three, and one. And I think that those are actually trades that I was taking during classes, where I was just showing demonstrating using hotkeys and stuff like that. So, in any case, um that was a a very long way of saying that uh while you could trade longer into the day and you're welcome to do as you'd like, uh for me, it's a combination of uh knowing when I perform best and also some of that is tied in with kind of the psychology around a performance career, where I sort of have to get hyped up and then I do the best that I can during the window that I typically trade well, and then I I take my foot off the gas. So, at this point, um you know, we're sitting at in Well, I'll pull my metrics back up. So, we're sitting now at uh what is it? March, we'll go to March 5th, or 6th. So, sitting now at a little over $600,000 on the year in in profit. And I started the year with $100,000 in my trading account. Um if I pull up, let's see, my metrics here. Uh if you go down on our website, let's see, verified earnings, da da da da da. I got to upload um February, but for 2026, let's see, I started with um as you can see here, $96,000 in the account. So, I finished um January with 493,000. And as of uh let's see, as of right now, what's my balance? So, just check this on the Lightspeed website. Uh da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da. So, the balance in the account today was $702,000. So, right there, 702,000. So, that's pretty good. Um so, that's where I'm sitting uh that's my account balance. So, the account's up um you know, quite a bit this year, which is great. And you know, I'm just going to keep sticking with being aggressive when the market's hot, and then taking my foot off the gas when it's cold. It is a little bit um you know, kind of hard to know from day to day. Is it going to be a hot day, a cold day? Yesterday was really hot, but then it cooled off a little bit today. We're still in between themes. I do think that it's worth paying attention to defense names when they come out with a good catalyst. That's obviously that could be a theme that performs pretty well. Um USO, United States Oil Fund is um is up actually to but just about a new high. So, price of oil continues to be uh pretty high, and so there's speculation about how high it'll go. Could that result in more opportunities in the small cap space? Maybe, not totally sure, but um it's possible. So, I think right now we are a little bit in between themes. It's hard to know from day to day, is it going to be a hot day or a cold day? But, um you know, I'm going to keep showing up. And when it's hot, I'm going to try to put the pedal to the metal quickly. And when it's colder, I'm I'm okay with having no trade days. So, this week for instance, um you know, I had a great day um yesterday, right? 52,000. Monday and Tuesday, mm not so much, right? Small I mean, look, again, I can't really complain, but those were smaller green days. So, yesterday was the best day I'd had since um February 13th. Right? So, that was kind of a, you know, 3-week stretch, it's 2 solid week stretch, um and then it was like 2 weeks before that, before the last good day on the on the 3rd. So, the majority of trading in the last month has been showing up every day and chipping away at base hits. A couple red days, 10 grand, 5 grand green, 12 grand red, 6 grand, it's 4 grand, and then 43 good, small green days, you know, 9, 12, 5, a $5,000 red day, 6,000, whatever. And then green 68, green 83, green 52, right? So, it would have been really nice if I could have kept the whole 70, um but in any case, doesn't matter. This is what it is, and I think the market's going to continue to be like this. So, today's going to be another small day. Tomorrow might be another small day. So, just expect smaller days, build the cushion, and if all I get is that tiny little cushion, then I never size up. But, if all of a sudden we get something that starts to pull away, then I'm going to start to get aggressive quickly. So, that's uh that's a little tricky because it requires a very kind of um keen eye on are things picking up, or is it um you know, it are are we is this a cold day? And so, being able to kind of, you know, feather the throttle and, you know, pick up a little bit or or ease off, have a very light touch is going to be important. So, that's that's the approach for right now. And as always, I'll be back at it first thing tomorrow morning. So, for those of you guys tuning in on YouTube, I hope you are subscribed to channel. We are about to cross over 2 million subscribers right here on YouTube. So, hope you can be one of those uh subscribers that help us cross that big number. And I will see you back at it. I'll be streaming tomorrow morning. Reminders always trade is risky. My results aren't typical and there's no guarantee you'll find success whether you trade with me or you learn on your own. So, with that, I will see you guys bright and early tomorrow morning.