Title: +$15,113.96 Day Trading a SPAC and a Recent Reverse Split Setup
Views: 21768
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=jpPgEAAVMxY
======================================================================

What's up everyone? All right. Well, today is the last trading day of the year and I'm locking up another green day. This is a great way to finish 2025. Today we had two stocks that put in some pretty nice moves. One is a special acquisition company. So, a special purpose acquisition companies called a spa for short. And the second was a recent reverse split. This is a stock that has been selling off for a long time. the company did a reverse split to maintain the compliance um requirement of a $1 minimum price with NASDAQ and the New York Stock Exchange. Now, stocks will often trade below a dollar, but they can't stay below a dollar. They have a limited period of time before they can get a D-listing notice, which would push them to the over-the-counter markets, the OTC markets. Stocks don't companies don't want that. So they do a reverse split, gets them back above a dollar, and then typically they'll put out some news. The stock starts to squeeze up, and then they take that as an opportunity to sell more shares onto the market to raise money so they can try to turn the ship around. Now, sometimes that works, oftentimes it doesn't. But when we get that um that sort of sweet spot, that sort of perfect storm of a stock that has been beaten up for a long time, does a reverse split, which has the effect of reducing the float, and then puts out breaking news, you can get a really nice squeeze off the low. And so today, our leading gainers up 114%. It's not crazy, but it's not bad, especially considering, you know, we're going into the holiday weekend. So, I'm feeling good about that. I I will be here on Friday, but I expect volume on Friday will be on the lighter side just given the fact that most traders will probably take the day off and enjoy a long weekend. So, let's go ahead and jump onto the screen share and start breaking down my trades from the morning. So, you'll see that I'm in the green $15,55641. The bulk of my profit is from ESHA and the rest is from INBS. Now, part of this was a little bit strategic, and I'll tell you why. So, I wanted to I want to start January with about $100,000 in my trading account. So, I had to take a guess when I put in the uh the rollover Roth direct rollover um paperwork uh over the let's see, I guess I put it in on Monday. I had to make a guess at what I was going to make in the next three days. So, I would finish at about $100,000. So, I dropped my account down to about $85,000, which meant I only needed to have well, it's about 80,000. So, I only needed to have about $20,000 of profit in these next three days. Well, this ended up putting me right at about $100,000. And so, now I'm like, I I don't want to take any more trades because then I'm going to have my account balance be a little bit too high going into January. This is kind of an unusual situation, but most of you wouldn't care about that. But for me, I really wanted to start the year kind of on, you know, reset the account back to 100 grand. So, because I'm resetting it back to $100,000, um, just the reality with a Roth IRA is that the transactions to take money out aren't same day. So, it's not like I could say, "Oh, well, I'll just take the money out today and clear it down to 100 grand." Uh, it takes a few days for it to go out. So anyways, I ended up having a great trade on ESHA and then on INBS, I was like, well, I'm kind of already right at 100,000. I'll break the ice on a dip and rip and do it as a demonstration more than really to to make money. However, INMBBS did throw me off a little bit because of the fact that you'll see on the level two here, it is actually easy to borrow. Usually, a lowflat stock is not going to be easy to borrow. This has a sub 1 million share float as you can see right here. Um, but this one was easy to borrow. So, in any case, um, that made me a little bit nervous. But let's go back to the beginning of the day. So, I sat down this morning and initially we had AMG on the scanners and this one was kind of um, interesting. It had popped up in the after hours session here on uh, Tuesday, yesterday. Dipped down, popped up pre-market, it pops up, dips down, and it starts just grinding higher. Grinders like this are generally thickly traded. When we look at the level two, there's big stacks of buyers, there's big stacks of sellers, and they're not usually that easy to trade. Unfortunately, when you have a stock that's very thickly traded, we like high volume, but at a certain point, this is I don't want to say it's too much volume, but there's just all the buyers are being matched by sellers essentially. So, it feels like much more of a tugof-war. And the result is that they don't end up trading cleanly unless they can finally break some kind of tipping point where they go parabolic. But this one wasn't able to do that. So it was also blocked by the way at thinker swim. So if you were using Charles Schwab as your broker, you couldn't have traded it anyways. So you know that's that's unfortunate. But in any case, so this one uh didn't take any trades on it. that was up uh going into the 7 am kind of beginning of pre-market for most retail traders and then ESHA popped up and when it first popped up it was on light volume and I thought well I I don't know about this but on the other hand we have seen some other uh special acquisition companies spaxs making big moves in the last month or so and so when it started to pop up and then it didn't drop it kept pulling away at a certain point I thought I'm going to break the ice on it so let me show you where that point was I'm actually going to do it on the 10-second chart. So, on the 10-second chart here, um the spot where I kind of got interested was um we squeezed up, we pulled back, we squeezed up, we pulled back, we popped up right here, and I bought this little dip right here. And I was looking for that continuation higher. So, I got in for the break of 2150. I added at 22. And I actually I was then in the driver's seat from 22 all the way up to 24 of $2 a share. So, at that point, I was like, I'm in such a good position on this, I'm just going to go ahead and add. And I added at 2450, and I was looking for the squeeze to 25. I was thinking maybe we get 26, 27, 28. You know, who who knows? Maybe a really nice move. That didn't end up happening. Uh, so I ended up adding and then it drops back down and, uh, it dips. I add back on the dip right there and then I take profit as it pops back up. So, I ended up making $15,000 of profit on it through a combination of my trades right there and then getting back in right here as it was curling back up. And right now, you see it's coming back up to 2455, which is that's great to see. So, EN uh sorry, ESHA. So, looking at the level two, halt level on this is 25.83. You know, this is this is this is nice to see. So, however, uh, you know, lighter volume, wasn't able to take huge size on it. So, broke the ice, got green. But then the second trade on it, the first trade was 12,000 in profit. Second trade was 3,000. And then I didn't take any more trades on it. So, two trades, two winners. That's solid. And then I was back to sitting tight, just watching the scans. RDAC popped up. This was also a special acquisition company. AL uh CY popped up. that's also a special acquisition company. Then INBS pops up here at about quarter of 9 and I thought initially, you know, didn't we trade this like a couple days ago or a week ago? It seemed to be familiar to me and I think it might have popped up uh maybe back here right after the split. But in any case, uh I pull it up and initially I'm thinking I don't know about it. It's easy to borrow and it pops up to 550 and then it drops down here to under 450. So, pops up, then reverses back down, and then it kind of rips back up higher here, as you can see, and it starts to pull away. It ends up halting at the open, and that's where I did a dip and a rip on resumption, and that's where I made the $442, which was nice. So, little dip and rip on that and then a push higher. Oh, and I see um let's see, where is it on the scan? So, uh there it is. ESHA uh pushing even higher now to $26. So it did a false halt. Um it dipped down there and then pushed a little bit higher up to 26. Uh high is now 26.50. So you know, look, it's kind of a wildcard day. It's um not a day where I was really expecting any big headlines. We did end up getting news on INBS, but you know, I wasn't sure how big of a deal that headline was. But in any case, we did get some momentum. Uh ends up being a nice finish to the week. So, let's see. I was up 7,000 on Monday, uh 800 yesterday. Yesterday was a small day, and then 15,000 today, so about 22,000 on the week minus fees and commissions, it's going to have my account sitting right at about $100,000 um going into the new year. So, as we look ahead to 2026, I'm going to separately record a 2025 year in review where I'm also going to lay out some of my goals for 2026. So stay tuned for that. That will be coming soon. I will upload it tomorrow so you guys can watch it tomorrow. The market is closed tomorrow, but then we'll be back at it on Friday morning. Now, Friday, first trading day of 2026. I might not trade in my big account. I might just kind of I might trade in the small account. I'm still working on my small account challenge with Weeble. I didn't have any trades today, but I did have a trade in it yesterday. So, that account's sitting at $1,700 of profit and $3,700 in total value. Started with two grand in the account. So, the account's up 87% which is good. Um I' I'd like to get this um you know, get a couple more trades in this. So, maybe I'll see if I can find something to trade in this account on Friday. Uh but uh in any event, that's where we stand on the small account challenge. And I have a new small account challenge right around the corner coming uh in early January. So, make sure you guys stay tuned for that. And for those of you guys tuning in on YouTube, I will post the link again for our uh new year sales. Those are on the Warrior Starter and Warrior Pro membership. So, if you haven't already checked them out, the link is pinned at the top of the comments and in the description. So, come on over to warrior warriortrading.com, check those out. And I'll remind you as always that trading is risky. Of course, my results aren't typical. So, manage your risk. And I always encourage you to practice in a simulator before putting real money on the line. So with that, I'll see you guys for the next upload real soon.