Title: Day Trading Watch List for MONDAY!
Views: 24743
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=oRX-scXUU0U
======================================================================

What's up, everyone? All right, in today's episode, I'm going to break down my watch list and the game plan for Monday morning. I'm wearing green. I've got my green hat. I'm channeling green, and I'm hoping we have another phenomenal week. The last 2 weeks have been the best weeks of the entire year. We've had multiple stocks that squeezed up over 1,000%. You can see right here my P&L for just for the last 30 days is over $700,000. Now, Friday well, not Friday. Friday market was closed. Thursday was a small green day. Wednesday, 40 grand. Tuesday, down 17,000. Monday, 44,000. And then the prior week was just outstanding with a Friday being up $84,000 thanks to nearly 40,000 in profit just from the SpaceX IPO. Now, I did think that last week the SpaceX IPO was going to put a little damper on momentum because it was uh going to create dispersed attention. There were just so many people that were focusing on trading SpaceX, including trading options on them, and then it would reduce the total volume in small-cap stocks. The reason is because, no doubt, SpaceX is highly volatile. And so, the first few days of trading um uh there's a lot of people that just focus on trying to scalp it, jumping in, jumping out. I mean, you've got such a huge range from 150 to 225, back down to 165, 170, and then sort of bouncing in this area. So, whether you were trading outright stock, which would be awfully expensive, or you were trading options, there was certainly the potential to day trade this and jump in and out and be pretty active. So, last Friday, or 2 Fridays ago, um because of the SpaceX IPO, in the morning, we still had really good action before the IPO. And then after the SpaceX IPO, the rest of the day was just consumed with people focusing on SpaceX. Nothing else is really clean. And then going into Monday, that continued to be the case. A lot of attention on SpaceX, a lot of volume there. Other stocks, yes, they were moving, but not as well as I expected. On Tuesday, we had a stock that had a catalyst that tied into the space theme, low orbit satellites, and I thought this is going to be like a slam dunk. We had in the last couple weeks, um, STI, which squeezed up uh something like uh well over 1,000% on the news catalyst of getting in, um, to space uh data centers. And then we had ASTC, which also had a similar catalyst that had also gone up over 1,000%. I mean, these were huge moves from $3 to 68 bucks. Yes, it's come back down, but it didn't do like a direct round trip. It's been a couple weeks and it's still holding up. Same with STI. So, that made me think I should pay really close attention to the next stock that has a space catalyst. And so, when we got one on Tuesday, I loaded up. And then, it completely rejected and went red on the day. And I really didn't see that coming at all. So, that caught me by surprise. Uh so, that was Tuesday. Then Wednesday was a little bit better, and then Thursday was just very slow going into, um, you know, the long weekend. Uh for those of you guys that have been following along in my small account challenge, the account started with $2,000. I'm now just under 7,000. So, up on almost something like 300% or whatever it is. Um, I did have a red day on Friday, gave back a little bit of profit, uh which is unfortunate, but tolerable since I've got a nice cushion in the account. I want to keep growing the account and see, you know, what the market looks like this week. Hopefully, I can get a few more really decent trades and um get some more uh progress there. And all of the profit from that challenge gets donated to charity and you guys hitting the thumbs up on those episodes in that series adds an extra dollar to how much I'm donating. So, it's not only is it educational for you guys to see me do these small account challenges, but it's for a a good cause as well. So, hopefully you guys check out that series. Now, uh but in my main account, which is what we've got right here, um I'm in a really great place on the month, which I'm thrilled about. We had um just, you know, phenomenal trading here uh the second week of the month. And although last week was a little slower relative, um you know, to the first two weeks. Partly, we missed a day. We had a red day. I'm thinking now that with SpaceX becoming, you know, probably a little less interesting for people, that we'll be able to kind of move forward and start seeing some better action. Okay, so when we think about what the game plan will be for Monday morning, one of the scans I like to check is my after-hours top gainers scanner, which you can see right here. So, SAGT um was on the after-hours top gainer scanner and this is one that is a relatively um low float stock. It's a 7.9 million share float, so that's the total number of shares that are outstanding. On our daily chart, you can see, interestingly, the position of the 200-moving average. The 200 is right up here, uh just under $2 at about $1.88. Well, look at this move uh after-hours on Friday. It ends up squeezing up to just over the 200 and then it drops back down, rejects that level, and that's probably going to be resistance. Now, is it possible that this continues Monday morning, 4:00 a.m., for a little squeeze higher? It's possible. It is a um Malaysian company, no news, so that's kind of been the theme right now that we're seeing a lot of these stocks squeezing up with no news, especially the foreign listed companies. In a hot market, this [clears throat] is pretty common. And we were seeing it just with Chinese stocks, but now it's kind of expanded to other jurisdictions as well. So, SAGT a pop after hours. I don't think I'm that interested in watching it for Monday. I think by the time I sit down at 7:00 a.m. it'll probably be off the radar. LFS, this one was up 30% in after hours trading. And and the volume, you know, was substantial, but the total gain isn't really all that significant. So, I like this daily chart for a curl. It also has a relatively low float 6.6 million shares. But, you know, we're already back up at three here, so now we've got room back up towards 450. I think it could be interesting. This one is a Japanese company. The all-time high on this is a little over $12 a share. So, it could start to get interesting. I would keep that on a side chart. Like SAGT, I don't know if it's going to continue at 4:00 a.m. and then have sold off by 7:00 a.m., but just another stock to keep an eye on. Then TNN, that's too cheap for me, so I'm not interested in that one. That was an after hours move as well. And then MODD, this one no issue with the price, but really no volume to speak of. And then the rest are smaller gaps. So, that gives us two stocks to keep an eye on for Monday, SAGT and LFS. Not sure if they're going to work, but those are maybes. So, then we've got our recent IPO top moving, SpaceX obviously, but I'm not interested in trying to continue to day trade it. I'm happy with how I did on it. I think it, you know, it was a we got a good move. And at this point, you know, kind of let it be what it is. So, this one's off the radar. AMSS, this one we could get a bounce, but I just don't really see it happening. It's got a ways to go. It needs to get over like 750 or 10, but because of the high volume candle here on this day, I just don't really see that one working. PWRL, this one um you know, typical of a small cap IPO pops up and sells off. And this is definitely important to differentiate small cap IPOs from large cap IPOs. Now, I did take an IPO trade on Friday um FIN something. Um No, it wasn't that. I can't remember the the name of it, but um in any case, doesn't really matter. Um it didn't end up working out very well, and most small cap IPOs don't. Every now and then, you will get one that pops up and keeps going higher, but it's not the most common. Um Given the SpaceX IPO was so hyped up, I kind of thought on Friday maybe we will see more traders interested in IPO, but that didn't really end up being the case. So, that scan, knock that one off. There's nothing on there. Um Now, let's look at continuation for a second. So, on the continuation scanner, you can see um I skip over this one. It's got the W right there, which means it's warrants, and there's no volume on it, so we'll just skip that. CAST. CAST um has continued to make a big move. It's sympathy from um was it Roku getting bought out by I can't remember who. In any case, um this is kind of squeezing up there started to, but then it really rolled over uh pretty hard on Friday. Ends up being a a rather large red candle on the daily. So, that one for continuation is not something I would consider at this point. It's just pulled back too much. So, that's off the radar. QH. You know, this one's interesting. It's lower It's a little bit lower volume. Um yes, it it's been up quite a bit in the you know, past uh few sessions, as you can see here, but um but I just don't usually expect to trade these very well with light volume. So, that one's no good. This one's another one with warrants, not interested. FTHM, 20 million share float. HQ, 32 million share float. OCC, this is one that we've traded before. Um not really that interested in it. It's too expensive. ONEG, this one uh the price is okay, but the volume is light. So, you have these stocks that, you know, had kind of their day in the spotlight and now are kind of going out of flavor. Um or flavor favor, either way, they're not the flavor of the week and they're out of favor. There you go. So, HUBC, um this one is on the recent reverse split scan and I like to take a look at this scan because sometimes we'll see some stocks on here that are um foreign listed securities and if they've just done a recent reverse split, then they could be something that uh suddenly pop up. These companies are known to kind of do that game. So, let's look at the most recent reverse Well, we'll we'll HUBC, um Israeli company right here, 3.2 million share float. Little on the cheaper side, but you never know. Uh unfortunately, I think this one probably actually won't work because it had higher volume the last few sessions. They usually work better when they've had no volume and then suddenly catch people by surprise. OPAD, uh US company, real estate. Um We'd want to make sure this is not a real estate investment trust because those don't usually do very well. Um But, no, provides cash offers agent listing services. I don't know. It sort of seems like a weird thing. So, I I don't know. Not sure about that one. Um Okay, so then CLDX seed sorry CDLX. Um media Just double-check the address. So Atlanta, Georgia, US company. The price is good. The float is is not bad. I'm going to turn my 200 moving average back on. I had it turned off for a couple of those charts, but um We'll room up to 12, so it's got some room there. CVDTG This one's Chinese. Has already um tested the 200 a couple times. It's so cheap. Didn't have a lot of volume, but had a couple days where it spiked up. That's probably one to just to keep an eye on if it hits the scans. The float's pretty low. CREG CREG Chinese smart power curl up to the 200 another, you know, Chinese candidate. Keep it on watch. ZCMD Chinese sold off for a while. Had a really high volume here on this liquidation though, so that's not very attractive. Tells us the company has no uh problem most likely selling a lot of shares. WETO also Chinese A lot of room to curl if it can bounce. Um robotics. SBFM Canadian company Sunshine BioPharma couple high volume rejection days back there. The challenge with a lot of these biotech stocks is that while they can make some exceptional moves, these companies are also often inclined to sell shares on the open market. Uh just raise money. WOK WOK traded this one on Friday. Reverse split. Um was hoping for that squeeze up to 10 or 12 and it rejected hard. TDIC reverse split last week. This one um had a higher volume day. Let's see how big the move was. Big pop though from, you know, 4 to 16. I mean, that's nice to see, but it ended up unwinding most of that move. VMAR down a bit, Canadian company Vision Marine. Um not sure about that. ICCM, this is one that we got a big move on last week. Um hit a high of about $10. See, the pre-market high might have been a little higher than that, but um in any case, no, it was it was about that. This, if it broke over those highs, would be interesting, but we're a ways away from that. So, all right. And then LZMH WGRX Yeah, just kind of skipping over ones that have very light volume. So, my gut feeling right now is that while some of those reverse splits may end up popping up on the scanner at some point, you know, in the next couple weeks, it's not not really any high likelihood that we'll see one of those play out on Monday morning. So, I would say SAGT and LFS are the are kind of the two to keep an eye on. Um ATPC, this one had a decent move on Friday. Um we had a couple others that had decent moves, but then rejected. So, let's see. And we had one, I can't remember the ticker now, but one of them did a um secondary offering. So, in any case, um all the game plan tomorrow or for Monday morning will be SAGT, LFS, and watching to see what is on our leading gainers scanner coming into about 7:00 a.m. Are we continuously see 100 200% gainers or things softening a little bit? You know, 45 50 60% gainers aren't obviously as big, so um they're not that's not nothing, but it's not as big. So, let's let's kind of gauge Monday morning. Are we still seeing big momentum? Are traders jumping on things that are moving? Beginning of the week has been strong and on other days, and then it cools off towards the end. So, if I can get an opportunity to get a few really solid trades on Monday morning, build a cushion for the week, then that really is going to put me in the driver's seat. So, with that, um I'll remind you guys, if you want to check out a 2-week trial, the link is posted in the comments. You can use our software for 2 weeks. You can listen to my broadcast, and I think you'll get a lot out of it. So, check out the 2-week trial. The link is posted in the description, and I'll remind you as always that trading is risky, and my results aren't typical. So, I encourage you to manage your risk by practicing in the simulator before you put real money on the line. I'll be streaming 7:00 a.m. Monday morning, and I will see you there.