Title: WATCH LIST for MONDAY & Update on the WEBULL Challenge
Views: 20974
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=2T3cZs-LSeY
======================================================================

What's up everyone? All right, so in today's episode, I'm going to give you the game plan for the week ahead and my watch list for Monday morning. We are now coming into the first full week for the month of January. I'm excited. This is my opportunity to break the ice because I did not take any trades on Friday. And now I have not only my main account, I have two small account challenges going on at the same time. I'm still finishing up my Weeble small account challenge while I wait for the new funds to settle into my new Robin Hood account for the brand new Robin Hood small account challenge. So, I've got two things going on sort of on the side there. And then, of course, I've got the focus on my main trading account, which finished last year at about $6.5 million of profit. So, I want to hit the ground running here and start breaking the ice and getting some trades. So, what is the game plan for tomorrow morning? Well, here's the way I'm going to approach it. We're obviously at the beginning of the year. We were a little bit slow on Friday, but that wasn't surprising because, you know, it's the Friday after a after a holiday. So, my plan for tomorrow is to keep a really close eye on our top gainers scanner. If you look at the after hours top gainers from Friday, you'll see that there really wasn't anything that was super exciting. Uh GHRS popped up a little bit. uh had this nice squeeze but then gave back a lot of the gains. Could this work for a curl? I sort of doubt it. It's a biotech stock, but it's got 17 million share float. It's probably easy to borrow or at least very cheap to borrow at a lot of platforms on a lot of brokers. And so for me, it just doesn't feel like it's probably worth it. But I will say that we have a couple themes that have been working for us. Number one certainly have been biotech stocks with news. I mean, catching a squeeze from $13 to $18 a share would be wonderful. I would love to get a move like that during the pre-market session. So, definitely still paying attention to stocks that hit the scanners right here at the top or the bottom of the hour during the pre-market session, checking the news, and if it's a biotech stock with a low float, then yep, it's game time. I'm going to be aggressive on it. So, yes, biotech stocks have been working. Uh, they don't all work, though. You know, you have to be sort of thoughtful about the specific catalyst, you know, are they presenting at a conference or is this clinical trial results? That makes a huge difference. So, what's the catalyst? What's the float? What's the daily chart look like? And then, you know, what's the price in the current volume right now? Is it easy to borrow? Is it marginable? These are the sort of things I'm thinking about before I take the trade. So, biotech stocks, yes, we have had a little bit of momentum on special acquisition companies, which is kind of kind of surprising in a way. I I sort of thought special acquisition companies were completely dead. I mean, they worked, you know, for a few years and then they really stopped working. Uh, but, you know, we have had some that have made some big moves. So, I don't want to completely discount that we could have some more spaxs that pop up, but one of the challenges is that if they don't have a catalyst, you start to worry about the risk of them getting halted on a T12 halt, which means they're halted while the exchange does a investigation. And those halts can last a long time. And you don't want to be in a stock on a T12 halt. So, you know, if there's news that's okay, but a lot of times those special acquisition companies when they would pop up, it's more because of speculation than of actual, you know, news that's come out. So, spaxs are a maybe. Uh lowerric stocks. On Friday, we had LVRO with 113 million shares of volume and obviously a cheaper stock as you can see here. On the one hand, these could be great for my Weeble or Robin Hood challenges because they're cheaper stocks and I could buy more shares and, you know, potentially get a 30 40% move. But historically, for my style of trading where I'm focusing on quick entries, quick exits, you don't get an instant 50% move on these stocks. they're grinding and those can be really frustrating because you end up either having to just hold it for hours or you get in and you get stopped out. With cash accounts, I don't want to do that because then I lose my buying power for the until the next day. So, for both the small account challenges, I am focusing on stocks that are a little bit cheaper. Um, under $5 generally, stocks where I can hopefully buy a,000 shares, you know, if maybe not quite, but close to a,000 shares. With my bigger account, I am more active between five and $15 a share. That's where we see um some bigger moves, not necessarily in percentage, but in uh cents per share and potentially dollars per share. So, what my thought is um is that because we're still at the beginning of the year, my job right now is to focus on building the cushion. So, looking for trades that I have 95% conviction in. You know, I have I have to take setups that I'm really confident in. And if I see something that I really like, then I'm going to be aggressive. But I'm going to jump onto the whiteboard here. One of the things that I'm thinking about is that even in a really hot market, you know, an Aquality setup is something that I'm going to have like, you know, 85 n let's say 90% conviction in that it's going to work on an Aquality setup. And so, how much money will I make in an Aquality setup? In a hot market, you know, I'm going to do really well on Aquality setups. I'll be up here. And in a hot market, I might take Bquality setups as well. I don't make as much on them. And I might even take Cquality setups. Maybe I'll even Well, I don't know. But, you know, right here. However, when the market is colder, what I often find is that um my profitability dips really quickly. So, this right here is like um you know, being green and this is being negative. So, Cquality setups are already kind of on the cusp. But in a hot market, you know, I can do well on A and B quality setups, but when the market cools off, it's like I can only trade Aquality setups. Now, I would say that the market has been pretty hot, which is good, but you know, we're also at the beginning of the year, so I think my focus right now has to be just on, you know, slow and steady, trying to build my cushion, not getting too aggressive. And you know, once I've got a couple days of being up 15, $20,000, once I make my first $100,000 on the year, you know, then that's when I feel like I can kind of, you know, the winds at my back and I can kind of take a breath. right now is the scariest part of any year uh for me because if I make a big mistake here, you know, either if I had on Friday or if I make a big mistake on Monday, you know, then suddenly my I'm backed up against the wall. Right now, one of the things that I did going into uh the new year is I did drop my account down. So, I do not have uh a large account right now. Let's see. Um, so my P&L for uh the month so far is uh zero. I haven't made any money. Uh I didn't take any trades, but I've got $96,000 in my account. So I reset my account to right around 100,000 bucks. Uh so about $100,000 in the account. I actually think there's one trade that still needs to settle from um December. But in any case, I've got about $100,000 in my main account, which is obviously enough for me to take, you know, 50,000 shares on a $2 stock, I suppose. Um, you know, 30,000 shares on a $3 stock, but, you know, we start getting up to four or five dollars a share, and I'm not going to be able to afford to buy 30, 40, 50,000 shares of those stocks for a little while. And that's important. I wanted to pres pre prevent myself from me being able to take big size because I didn't want to expose myself to the risk that I took a big trade in the first week of the month and suddenly go deep into the red. So right now I'm just focused on trying to build the cushion, grow the account. Once the account gets a little bit bigger, then naturally I'll have the buying power to be more aggressive. So that's going to kind of come in time. And honestly, that's very similar to the way I trade in the small accounts. I mean, you know, small accounts are more like $2,000, but as I grow the account, I can afford more buying power, and then I can take more risk and be more aggressive, but I have a cushion, which then gives me, you know, the the confidence that it's okay to take a little more risk. So, with my bigger account, resetting it down to $100,000 is is kind of for me, um, you know, putting the the guard rails on in a way. So, you know, I have to wait until I've been able to grow the account before I can take big risk. Now, it's worth noting that in my big account, I have no leverage. So, I basically have the same as someone else using a $25,000 account with 4x leverage. I've got $100,000, but no leverage. So, I I I don't have any leverage and I can't, you know, I I can't take big big size on anything um you know, the way I'm kind of used to. So, yeah, I'm thinking tomorrow I'll obviously be sitting down 6:45, 7 a.m. looking at the scanners, asking myself what's obvious, where's the volume? So, sorting both by leading gainer, of course, but then sorting by the most volume to see, you know, is it penny stocks, is it cheap stocks, what is getting people's attention uh on Monday morning. And we may need to, you know, may take a couple days to kind of get into the groove. It probably will. It's going to take a little time for us to have a new theme that's really well established. We've been having a little bit of this, a little bit of that with the biotechs and the spaxs, special acquisition companies, but I do think we're kind of in between cycles at the moment. So, um, you know, that's fine. But ultimately, I will do better once we have a new theme that's well established where traders are like, "Okay, I'm waiting for the next stock that fits within, you know, this theme, whatever it is." So, I'm really excited for that to begin. 2025, you know, no doubt a big theme through the whole year was um was cryptocurrencies, right? Cryptocurrencies were super popular. They did really well. um you know, but that theme is um has died out. I would say I think it's safe to say that that theme has died out, at least for the time being. I'm I'm sure it'll come back, but until Bitcoin is back at the all-time highs, cryptocurrencies are going to be a little softer. So, that's out. Uh you know, with what's going on in Venezuela, are we going to see more momentum in uh oil companies? We may, but small cap oil companies, I I don't know about that. It it may be some of the large cap oil stocks, um, you know, which again is is fine for the overall market, but may not be super helpful or relevant for us trying to find, um, you know, stocks that are provide good opportunities for day trading. So, that's kind of what I suspect there. Um, and we will want to see what the futures market uh, looks like. I could check that a little bit later tonight and some of you guys may decide to check that as well. Obviously, when we've got, you know, these geopolitical events going on, um, you know, that creates some uncertainty, but I I'm not sure, uh, as of right now that there's anything that's going to have a that's going to have a really strong impact on the small cap market. I think the small cap market is a little bit isolated from some of those things, at least in the short term. So the So the game plan for tomorrow is I'm going to be watching the top gainer scanner right here. Obviously watching the high day momentum scanner 7 738 839 breaking news opportunities and I'm going to be working on chipping away at the Weeble challenge trying to make a little bit more progress there. That account's up 87% over the last um eight trades which is good. So would like to get a couple more trades in there and then as soon as the Robin Hood account is up and running, we'll be able to switch to that new small account challenge. So kind of getting a sense of what it's like to trade with these different brokers and then I can kind of share with you my interpretation and feedback of which of these platforms is the best for the style of trading that I do. I am a little skeptical about Robin Hood, but you guys have been asking me to do it, so I'm going to give it a try. And so, by the way, for those of you guys that have been tuning in, longtime subscribers here on YouTube, our New Year's sales will be ending on Tuesday, so the day after tomorrow. And uh if you haven't already checked them out, I hope you come over to the website and check them out. And for those of you guys that want to do a two-eek trial and spend the next two weeks just watching over my shoulder, you're welcome to do that. Now, by the end of the twoe trial, the new year sales will be over. So, that's going to be a problem there. But if you're someone who's on the fence and just wants to see what it's like for a couple weeks, you're welcome to do that. If you do end up joining using the New Year's coupon code, you get a 7-day money back guarantee. So, instead of a two-eek trial, I guess it's kind of like a 7-day trial, except that you're actually a full-fledged member. So, I encourage you guys to check it out. I'm ready to hit the ground running, and I'm hoping that the market cooperates and gives us some good opportunities for uh Monday morning. All right, so that's it for me. Thank you guys as always for tuning in. Reminder, trading is risky and my results aren't typical. And there's no guarantee you'll find success whether you trade with me or you learn on your own. So, make sure you manage your risk, take it slow, and I will see you bright and early tomorrow morning streaming for our members here at Warrior Trading.