Title: Day Trading Watch List for MONDAY!
Views: 24869
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=S6AyP-2ziFc
======================================================================

What's up everyone? All right, so in today's episode, I'm going to break down my watch list for Monday morning and the game plan for the week ahead. We've got the last couple days for the month of June and then we're rolling into the new month of July. And on that note, a reminder, our Fourth of July sales are currently underway here at Warrior Trading. And that's where you'll see a special discount that we've put together on both our Warrior Starter and our Warrior Pro membership. The Warrior Pro membership includes not just my flagship day trading courses, which are brand new as of this year, but also includes a full year of access to my live audio video broadcast, our day trading chat room, and 90 days of access to Day Trade Dash, the scanners that you guys see me use every single day, and 90 days of access to our own trading simulator that allows you to practice the strategies you're learning in a safe environment. Now, on Friday, the stock that I had the best read on was S DOT. This is a stock that ended up becoming the leading gainer in the entire market. It ended up going from, let's see, let's measure this. We had the previous day down here all the way up to the peak here about 300% move. And when I was trading it on Friday, it was right in this area here. I was looking for the break through uh this $10 spot. And although we did get it, it wasn't super clean. It didn't end up pulling away. interestingly, until kind of the close and then that final squeeze way later in the evening on a Friday. That's a bit unusual. Uh so I'm I'm kind of bummed out on that because I had the right idea and you know the timing it just took a lot longer for it to end up working than I would have liked. So that's a little bit annoying. But nonetheless, if we look at my metrics from last week, last week was a struggle. It was the first red week that I've had for the month. Uh, I'm going to pull up my uh, metrics here for you so you can take a peek. So, this is the month of June right here. We've got two days left and I ended up finishing um, I had a red day on Tuesday and another red day on Friday, which was discouraging. So, I finished the week down $28,000. I don't like that. It's not fun. I don't like having to do multiple red day recaps in one week. It's discouraging. It's a little embarrassing. So, you know, the thing is someone had a good comment and they said in the comments on the video on Friday, they said, "Ross, you know, you really have no reason to be frustrated as long as you followed the rules of your strategy this week." And I said, "Right, well, that's why I'm frustrated because I I kind of deviated." And this is what many of us do as traders. We've got our set of rules that we are supposed to follow every single day. And yet, in a hot market, we may deviate a little bit and we may get rewarded for deviating. So then when the market starts to cool down, we keep being a little outside our typical sweet spot and that's when we start to incur these unnecessary losses. So for instance, trading with really big size on my first trade of the day that was working in the hot market because seemed like everything was going up, but that's not the most that's not the safest way to manage risk because what ends up happening is if that first trade is a flop, you're way down potentially below max loss. And that's exactly what happened on Friday because that first trade that I took on Friday on ZDAI put me down 25 grand. I then had a second loss on SHPH and although I had a winner on S DOT to finish the morning, it wasn't nearly enough to get me back to where I needed to be. So that was on uh that was on Friday. And then on um on Tuesday, the issue was that I just kept trading. So, you know, I should have stopped here, went back, then went deeper red, and then finally this big loss. I I I snowballed. And so, that, you know, was the mistake. Um, you know, trading past this level. And that was a break of the rules, which was tough because we've been in a market where, you know, I don't have to tell you, we've been seeing 200 300% moves after the market opens. We've had some days where we had as much as a 2,000 or even a 5,000% move after the bell rang. And so there have been instances where trading past the open could have been rewarding, but that wasn't the case on the days that I traded past the open. So now coming into the new week, um, with two days left in the month, I want to think about what has been working well. And if we look at some of the stocks that have given us the biggest moves in the last couple weeks, um our biggest move this this past week was the stock that took on a asset treasury strategy by buying shares of SpaceX. Now this is really unusual because during the you know during the cryptocurrency mania we did have a lot of companies that were surging up on this asset treasury strategy. But in that case, it made sense because they were buying something that a lot of investors would be prohibited from buying, especially if an investor represents a lot of their um it's like a fund manager. They can't go fund one of these offshore accounts to buy some weird alt cryptocurrency. But a US public publicly traded company buys a billion dollars of of that currency. They can buy that publicly traded company and they can still use their leverage to buy it because it's a US security. So now all of a sudden that company becomes a vehicle for the other thing that made sense. Now if those other things had kept going higher the balance sheet of that company would have gotten bigger and bigger and bigger and the profit of that unrealized gain and so the price of the stock would have increased. So that all made sense. But why would you buy shares of a small cap stock that owns half a billion dollars of SpaceX instead of just buying SpaceX outright? That's that's the thing that is a little bit of a gap to me why you would do that. Um, so, you know, I'm kind of left scratching my head a little bit cuz it to me just didn't make a lot of sense and yet ILLR went up darn near a,000% on that headline. So, while to me I couldn't exactly wrap my head around why someone would buy ILR instead of just buy SpaceX outright, I suppose the biggest argument in favor of it is that SpaceX outright at $150 a share, in order for it to 2x or 3x, I mean, you know, your return, the market cap's going to have to go to five or six trillion dollars. Whereas for this small cap company, they took on a bill half a billion dollars of SpaceX and the price is a dollar a share and now all of a sudden because people are excited um this stock was able to go up you know 2 3 4 5x all the way up to almost a,000% in in two days. So in a way these become vehicles where you're getting um like a multiple you're getting leverage. So I you know I mean I suppose you could also argue that these companies may be more aggressive at u selling options against their position. So they may be able to uh produce a higher rate of return just on holding half a billion dollars of SpaceX. I mean if you figure you're holding half a billion dollars. So I mean this these are you know obviously huge positions and huge amounts of money. But if you're holding this really big position um you know just 500 million. So then if you can earn um I mean if you were earning 10 10% I gosh I mean the thing is people that are are aggressive about selling options you know they can earn as much as 1% um each week which is really crazy. You've got to be really really good at it. But I mean, if you're really doing that and making an extra $5 million um each week, right? So 10% 5% or 1%. So $5 million a week, you know, five times five all of a sudden, you know, or five times 50, you're producing, you know, $250 million a year on option strategies. Um, sorry, options then, you know, your rate of return is pretty high. Um, so I could see the logic of investing in a hedge fund for instance that was uh owned half a billion dollars of SpaceX and unlike your typical, you know, passive investor who just buys the position and just lets it work, they're actively managing it to produce income. That's kind of the thing because space, this is a little bit of a tangent, but SpaceX, when you buy an investment that doesn't pay a dividend, then you're 100% dependent on it increasing in value over time, right? You know, you buy a property and it pays no rent. Um, you know, the only money you make on it is that you can sell it in the future for a later date. But with stock, you can sell options against your position. You can sell covered calls. You can sell cash secured puts. And by doing that, you're generating income off of this asset that you're holding on your balance sheet. So, you're never going to get that kind of management of your portfolio if you invest, you know, just with a typical financial adviser because they're not they just don't do that. But, you know, a hedge fund or some of these um different funds might. So, will I LLR do that? I couldn't tell you. I don't know. But that could be one uh additional explanation for why that half billion dollars of SpaceX is worth more than just buying SpaceX outright for this company. Cuz if you were doing it through this company and they were doing those things, you know, then all of a sudden, right? See how that kind of makes sense? And so I'm just trying to play out the scenario of why this would go up that much. Um, but then it makes me wonder, what do we think about the next company that puts out a SpaceX Treasury Strategy headline? We had a company on, was it Friday? Yeah, it was Friday that put out the headline that their board of directors approved it, but that doesn't mean anything because the board of directors can approve a lot of things, but they could approve you going to Mars. They could approve you, you know, doing something insane, but will it actually come to fruition? Will it actually happen? And so until it happens, there's really no nothing to trade B on that speculation. If that company then says a week later, they've got now, you know, someone came to them with a billion dollars and said, "Here's a billion dollars. I want you to invest it all in SpaceX and I want you to be actively managing the position to produce more cash flow." Then now you've got a catalyst for that stock to go up a couple hundred%. So, we we should definitely keep our eye on that type of SpaceX um headline because it it worked so well um Thursday or Wednesday, Thursday, Friday of last week. So, that was that was one catalyst that worked pretty well. Um we had NXTs uh early in the week which gave us a really big move as well. This one was kind of interesting. Um, it had done a couple false breakouts, popped up, reversed, popped up, reversed, and then boom, it pops up, and it keeps going higher. This thing went from $4 to $24 a share. Was my best um trade of the whole or my you know, the best move of the whole week. So, would love to get um you know, a couple more moves like that. This one is um kind of interesting. they had this uh AI biotech kind of headline and that was enough to get this stock um moving in a pretty big way. Then we had let's see um we had was it SHPH? Um no it was uh well we had S dot we already talked about that one. Um this one ended up making a pretty big move again kind of popped up then pulled back and then curled back up. So I am watching stocks that shorts are going to assume will fail and I kind of assume they'll fail as well. But if they prove strength and keep going higher then all of a sudden they become interesting. So after hours on Friday we had UPC. This stock ends up going up from $3 to $12 a share. Impressive. This is a wild move. So Friday, you know, the thing to me that was kind of interesting on this is that um you know, typically Friday after the close is very slow. That's not usually when we see big headlines come out. I mean, you know, how many people are still trading on Friday afternoon? You've I don't know. It just seems like most people are done. Um but nonetheless, um Friday we did have news that came out um announced a strategic acquisition. And I think because short sellers have kind of been in the mindset that um oh these are all going to fail. You know they start shorting adding adding adding adding adding. It goes up more than they expect. It pulls back and as it goes higher they're forced to cover. And what you don't want to underestimate about these Chinese stocks is that there's sometimes a unknown and not visible um level of buying and it can also be on selling that uh significantly affects the price action. So it's like jumping into a a river that has a really strong current. And this is the thing with these Chinese stocks is we don't always know where that current is coming from. if it's from insiders who are either buying to pump the stock up, if it's from insiders who are selling to liquidate and just cash out, but we've seen Chinese stocks that have dropped 99% in one day. And we've also seen Chinese stocks that have gone up 8,000 or 10,000% in one day. So, they can be very volatile. And if you are swimming against the current, you're shorting as it's going higher, it can be a recipe for disaster. If you're swimming against the current and you're buying as it's going lower, it could be a recipe for disaster. So, you've got to be really careful with these. And not all of them have a strong current. Some of them you jump into and just nothing happens. There's no current at all. There's no traders. No one's interested. And you're like, "Oh, that was a non-event." And so it's very hard to predict. You know, there's something happening beneath the surface to create that current that we're not privy to. So we just sort of have to test the water and figure out, is this one of those ones that is going to be really strong or is this one of those ones that's going to be a disappointment? So Monday morning, this is the first stock that's on the watch list because most traders didn't get a chance to trade it on Friday going into the close or after the close. So Friday or so, so Monday morning, it wouldn't surprise me at all if we see this pop up a little bit right at 4:00 a.m. But my concern is that by the time it's 7 a.m., it's going to already be pulling back and we'll have missed the first 3 hours of price action. So unless you're trading at 4:00 a.m., I don't really think there'll be an opportunity on it. I could be wrong. Uh, you know, this could be one of those ones that really surprises us, but um but so I would definitely watch it at 4 am if you're one of those traders, but for everyone else coming to 7 a.m. it's it's a little hard to say. So interesting there after hours top gainers scanner. So by the way, um I go over to the tool the little tool menu button here and I go down to my after hours top gainers scanners and this is where we see UPC. This is the only one that was interesting. The none of these are really interesting. So that's how I found that one stock that was making that big move. So that's UPC. Then we go to the after hours or then we go back to the scanners. Um we can look at continuation. We can look at recent IPOs top moving. Let's see. Um where is this one? I always lose there. Uh recent reverse splits. We'll look at that one as well. Recent IPO top moving. So SpaceX of course is the recent IPO that's been the most volatile, but um not going to be interested in trading that one. FISN. I thought this was interesting. Uh there was a headline um that the White House is going to be pursuing building more nuclear power plants. Um so I wondered if this stock would get a little bit of a boost from that, but so far it hasn't. Um so something to keep on on side chart. Maybe we end up having a day where it pulls away. It would be blue sky over this all-time high right here. Um so if it has a headline specifically tied into um you know those developments, that would be interesting. DSC selling off hard. PRWL, this one selling off pretty hard. These sometimes can be good for a bounce, but um it's a ways away from really looking good. Continuation scan, ILR. Um this is something that, you know, popped up at 4 a.m. on Friday, then sells off. Um so now we've got a daily chart with a first red candle, second red, third red, maybe first daily to make a new high. That's going to take a few days to form. Ram, this one is a new IPO. Popped up. uh sold off hard, gapped higher, sold off. Doesn't feel like that's easy to trade. NC NVCT, this one's ramping up on the daily, but I would feel that we've missed it. SkyQ, this one's annoying. 400 uh $4 is the 200 moving average. Needs to get over that level. It's just very thickly traded. It's just it's like a bear. It It just It's so heavy. It's It's like It doesn't move quickly. It's not exciting. Um, so anyways, two over 200 million shares of volume a couple days ago. ARQQ, we've traded this one a bunch of times. It no longer gives easy uh moves. Now, recent reverse split scanner ILR, you know, that one had the reverse split. Then boom, we got the news with SpaceX. So, you know, like I say, with these reverse split scans, keep an eye on recent reverse splits. There's a number of them right now, but um you know, as of this moment, they don't have that catalyst. But boy, if they come out with the right headline, all of a sudden, you know, we could see um you know, a pretty epic move. So, it's just uh one of the things I do is when I'm first pulling up a stock that hits my scanner like SOT, I'm just looking to see is there an S on the chart? And the S is what refers to that recent reverse split. So, that's what I'm looking for. And if I see that, then all of a sudden I'm like, "Yep, that's one I want to pay extra attention to." So going into tomorrow morning, uh, I would say UPC is on the watch list. SOT possible continuation, but it's a little bit more expensive. And then certainly looking for SpaceX catalyst, looking for any low orbit space catalyst, other companies getting into the space. Um, no pun intended. Uh, definitely looking at that. Um, keeping an eye on biotech because that's been working as well. and ultimately letting the scanner show me where there's strength. And if we see strength and if something I expect is going to fail but it keeps pushing higher um then I'm going to start to size up and get aggressive on it. So the small account also is continuing uh into next week and then um I'm going to make a decision probably towards the end of next week about uh where to go uh with that uh starting sort of for the new month of July kind of uh so I'll do it for a few more days and then I think in July I might switch gears. But in any case, that account is still growing and I'll be uh trading it bright and early tomorrow morning. So for those of you guys who haven't already checked out our memberships, we've got the Fourth of July sales underway here at Warrior Trading. Um but we also have a twoe trial. So if you're not sure, do the twoe trial. Spend the next two weeks. You can go through parts of this um curriculum right here, day trading the basics. You'll have access to chapters 1 through six, which are right in here. So you'll have all this that you can go through, including the quizzes. Um, we've got our new simulator right here. This is um all integrated. So, you know, your charts and um the whole feed is together. So, you click and everything updates. You can trade in and out of this um right here, which is going to be great for you guys. I know many of you are excited about that. Uh so, um yeah, let's make this next week a great week. And I will see you streaming tomorrow at 7 a.m. All right, link again for the description or for the um twoe trials posted in the description. And I'll remind you that trading is risky and my results aren't typical. So, please manage your risk and always practice in a simulator before putting real money on the line. I'll see you guys tomorrow morning.