Title: Day Trading Watch List for Monday!
Views: 31332
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=9osEhbytsF0
======================================================================

What's up everyone? All right, so in today's episode, I'm going to give you my watch list for Monday morning and the game plan for the week ahead. This week for me is going to be Trader Rehab because of the big loss that I took on Thursday, down $57,000 in one day, making it my worst red day of the year and my worst red day since I was down, I think it was around $175,000 in October. So, yeah, I'm disappointed. It was a big red day. The silver lining, it sets me back only about a week because I had made $57,000 in two days on Thursday, Friday, the week before. So basically, it kind of reset me back to where I was that previous Wednesday. But of course, imagine the psychology is completely different. You know, back on that Wednesday, my account on the year was up about $650,000. I was feeling really good. Now I'm back to $650,000, but I don't feel quite as good because I was at, you know, 700 plus. So, you know, whenever you're on the back side of that move, uh, you know, in your own P&L, you've had a nice run up and then you take a loss, you're always kind of anchoring yourself to what your previous high was and thinking, I got to get back to that. I got to make back the loss. And what I try to do is remind myself that um, I have the exact same amount of money in my account that I had a week ago. And so mentally, I I need to find a way to put myself in the same headsp space that I was at a week ago when I had the same amount of money in my account. And rather than feel that, oh, I'm trading from a place of scarcity and from loss and from disappointment, just trade from a position of confidence that I'm still doing really well in the year. And so, we're going to talk about how that's done. And there are some specific steps I need to take in my trading, certainly tomorrow, but also as the week goes on to make sure I prevent an extended draw down. I don't want to have another big red day on Monday or Tuesday, for instance. You know, because at a certain point, I'm really moving in the wrong direction. Now, you'll notice my sweatshirt. I hope you've noticed it already. This is a raccoon. Some people call them trash pandas. Now, a trash panda, the type of panda bear that primarily feeds on trash, not bamboo like a typical panda, but just garbage straight from the dumpster. Um, I sometimes feel that as a small cap trader, we are a bit of the raccoons in the market, sort of scavenging on scraps. And most of the stocks we trade, let's face it, are kind of garbage. These are stocks that have been selling off for a very, very long time. They're not very well funded in terms of capital. However, what we know is that when they put out good news, these stocks can squeeze up 200 300% in one day. And so, as a trash panda, I'm routinely going through the dumpster in the market looking for these very oversold stocks and looking for one with news that can bounce up. And typically, I do well. And then sometimes I just eat well garbage. And that is essentially what happened on Friday. So, let's start by taking a look at um Friday's uh move on Sky Q. This is the stock that I managed to lose $57,000 on. I will say that I am um I don't know. I don't I want to say relieved, but I'm I'm glad in a way that this didn't end up going up to, you know, 9102 a share because it would have absolutely killed me that I managed to lose on this big candle here, this rejection only for it to, you know, go up higher. The fact that it did sell off, bounce up only a little bit and, you know, was sort of difficult for the entire day was a bit reaffirming. Um, having thought more about the loss, I think that there's a couple things that um I I was sort of dealing with um last week, I think I was a bit more frust frustrated. I think I had a shorter fuse for a number of reasons. I'd been under the weather and I wasn't sleeping very well and so I was a little bit more just short-tempered and I got frustrated. Um, and when you get frustrated in the market, there's different ways you can respond, but I responded by just pressing that buy button more and more times kind of at a stubbornness, you know, and and that um I mean, look, in a really hot market, you you could probably end up getting away with that and having a big win, but when the market's a little cooler, a little shiftier, or you have a stock like this, you can really get smoked. And that's exactly what happened to me. So um and I think that was it was like right in here um that I took that big loss. So um you know but the thing is this stock was interesting. Um first of all energy sector 3.5 million share float float's fine the price was okay but you know what a lot of these stocks that start on the cheaper side two three dollars a share they get crowded very quickly. they become very thickly traded. Um, and sort of they they almost because people buy such large positions down here when they're cheap. When they do start getting higher up, you all of a sudden start seeing those 50,000 share sell orders come out of people that bought down here and are now selling them. So, you start seeing more um more heaviness sooner. With stocks that begin more around like five or $6 a share because they're already more expensive to start with, they don't have as many people that are going to accumulate 50 or 100,000 share positions. And so when they do make their way up to 7, 8, 9, you don't suddenly see typically these huge sellers that come out the way you do when stocks start at a lower price. So starting at a lower price um in this case and in most cases is a bit of a disadvantage. It's one of the reasons I don't usually like trading stocks around a dollar a share. Yeah, sometimes they go from a dollar to a$150 maybe to $2, but typically they're pretty difficult. So, in this little stretch here, it actually had 42 million shares of volume, which is a tremendous amount of volume. Uh, in pre-market alone, I think it traded over 100 million shares or or darn close to it. So I ended up um trading a stock that was quite thickly traded on an energy sector um energy catalyst the price of uh oil and energy going higher uh which is a bit of a derivative which means the prices of this is a little based on the price of something else. Now it just so happened that right at 9:00 a.m. that we got this rejection USO also uh dropped hard and so you can see the chart on USO. I mean that's just bad timing. Um, but it is what it is. So, I have to remind myself to be a little careful about trading derivative stocks. Uh, number one, and to be mindful about these stocks that become very thickly traded. Uh, because while they can go parabolic, often they don't. Uh, they're just so thickly traded that even as they start to pull away, people just fill in with sell orders. And I do the best trading stocks that go parabolic. Parabolic is when a stock goes from eight dollars to 10, 12, 14, 18, 22, 30, right? That's where I really crush it. When a stock goes up $5, $10 a share. Now, this did go from $3 to $6, which is 100%. It's $3 a share. Uh, but even in this area, there were these topping tails because it kept kind of going up and pulling back, going up and pulling back. And and those topping tails show us that every time it tries to pull away, sellers fill right in. And so I I should have been a bit more um a bit more just um accepting that this was not unfortunately the type of stock that could really likely go parabolic and reduce expectations accordingly. and instead I stepped up swinging for this big big squeeze and it just wasn't likely on this stock. It's easier to see that now in hindsight. Uh but just something to remind myself of in the future. So anyway, so this one I wouldn't trade on Monday. Um the price of energy, it doesn't really matter because these we haven't seen good um uh setups really in the small cap space on on the energy sector. Yes, we had BATL that moved up, but even that one wasn't that clean. This one, it did go over the course of three days to $30 a share, but it was not easy to trade. So, we've had a couple that have tried and they just haven't been clean. So, I think I need to stay away from the energy stocks um at least until one can prove otherwise because right now they just aren't worth it. All right. So, that's that's an important realization. So then it's better off to focus on stocks that have really a standalone catalyst and are not um driven by some type of macro event that would have um and and also just be aware that when a stock is starting to become a grinder, which is more common when they start at lower prices, that even getting 10 15 cents out of it can be tricky. Uh and you know, you try to do that with 50,000 shares, you get a little slippage on the entry, a little slippage on the exit, and then you never really stood to gain that much in the first place. it's not really worth it. So, um, so that may mean, you know, tomorrow if a leading gainer is an energy stock that I'm going to have to say, you know what, I just need to leave this one alone. It's not going to be my cup of tea. I'm not going to be able to manage risk on it, and it's better to have a no trade day than a red day. Biotech has still been tried and true. We've done really well in biotechs this year. So, um, those are still worth consideration and and ultimately just any stock that has its, you know, a standalone catalyst. Now, if we take a look at um my P&L here, you could see um this was the $57,000 I made um at the end of week and a half ago or whatever, two weeks ago, and then last week ended up giving that back. So, a reset back to here. So, if you could just put a sticky note over this, then I'm right here, which was still, you know, pretty good over the last 30 days. This is the last 90 days. So, this nice strong rally up, slow and steady, slow and steady with a couple nice green days and then, you know, biggest red day of the year right there. So, what I need to work on is um regaining position up here and avoiding doing this, right? We don't want to stair step down. So, just like a stock chart, we don't want to be stairstepping down. We want to be stairstepping up. So, how do I go from stepping down to stepping up? Well, the first thing as always after a big loss is to step back and evaluate what went wrong, what I did wrong in terms of stock selection, entries, exits and so on so forth. So I have done that uh reviewed that um during the recap as well on Friday. And so then the second step is because the worst thing that could happen uh on Monday would be another big loss. How do I prevent that? So, one way to prevent that would be to take money straight out of my account. Now, I um as you might imagine, I'm hesitant to do that. If we go down to my um broker statements at the bottom of let's see where is it right here. Uh so, look at our 2026 broker statement here. So, as of uh the end of March, I had um let's see. Oh, geez, it was already 800,000. So, in any case, I started the year with um yeah, that must have been right there. So, but in any in any event, I started the year with about uh $96,000 in my account. So, account got all the way up to about, you know, $800,000. A little bit higher than I realized. Uh which is great. But you can see started at 96,000 right there. Accounts grown, accounts grown, accounts grown. So up until um you know now being down uh here the $56,000 for the month of um or 57,000 for the month of April. So one solution uh is just to take money out of my account, draw my account back down to 100 grand. And I'm I'm tempted to do that. That's a hard reset. I basically what I when I do that, I say, "Listen, this is your this is your consequence. You just lost $57,000 in one day. I'm dropping the account back down to 100 grand. And with a $100,000 account, I won't be able to buy 70,000 shares of a $6 stock and make that kind of mistake. Could I still lose 57,000 in one day? Sure, it's not impossible, but it's going to be a lot lot harder to do. Um, it would be a real achievement in uh in terms of like a terrible trade to lose 50% 57% in one trade. So reducing account balance is the surefire way to prevent continued loss. Um however reducing account balance comes with the opportunity cost which is that let's say I have three or four or five green days next week, you know, nice slow steady whatever. And let's say the market starts to pick up and then the week after we have a couple stocks that make huge moves. Well, after five days trading with $100,000 account, maybe I do 5,000 a day. Now it's 125,000. So the next week things are starting to heat back up. I don't have the buying power to really, you know, step up with big size, which means I've kind of put myself in a position where I'm going to keep myself in this draw down longer or make it harder for me to really capitalize on the hot market because the account is too small. Uh so it would so I would end up end up suffering two losses. The first loss would be the 57,000 and the second loss would be uh the inability to maximize on the hot market. So then okay, what's another option? Um another option would be to self-regulate and to say you're not allowed to take more than you know $100,000 positions for instance or 10,000 shares you know of stocks under $10 um until you've made back 25 grand. And by doing that, I would keep the money in my account, of course. Um, and uh, you know, once the once I've recovered that and hit that milestone, then I can start to ease up on, you know, my restrictions and I scale back up. However, as you might observe, that requires discipline and willpower that in the heat of the moment, I don't say out of frustration, forget it. I'm going ahead and taking, you know, whatever 50,000 shares. And so if you're in a position after a big loss where you're not sure if you can trust yourself, and this is including fees and commissions, 60,000, if you're in a position where you feel like you can't trust yourself, then that's where it does make sense just to set the restriction by taking money out of the account. So, and in a way, the reason I'm inclined to do that is because it takes the pressure off that I don't have to be like, can I trust myself next week to, you know, manage risk and make good decisions? Um, it I just will have no choice but to do that because the account is so small. Uh on the other hand, a sign of maturity as a trader is being able to self-regulate and say, "I am only going to trade with this amount of size until I can prove that I have hit this milestone of recovering half the loss and I'm worthy of trading uh with more size." So, uh for the time being, I am going to self-regulate. Uh, so on Monday, I'm going to be scaling my share size down and putting the max restriction on my account, which we said was uh 20,000 shares, but I think $100,000 position max on any stock uh, you know, this week. And so if that's 20,000 shares of a $5 stock maybe or 10,000 shares of a $10 stock, I have to do a little bit of kind of, you know, math in my head as I'm taking the position, but basically trade as if I've got this uh smaller account and see if I can have, you know, three, four, five days of a little bit of progress. And I don't need to make it all back in one day. It's not realistic to try to, but just have, you know, a week of good progress. And if I could do that, then there's no question that a week from today, I'll be feeling a lot better even if I'm still in the draw down because I've made progress. I'm moving in the right direction and I'm not continuing the draw down. But yes, the biggest risk after a big loss is having second, third, fourth losses in a row. So by trading with smaller size, if I do have another loss on Monday, and statistically there's, you know, a certain percentage of the time that I will have red days, and it could be a red day on Monday. So, if it's I have the bad fortune that I have another red day on Monday, at least with smaller share size, the loss is smaller. So, we're not accelerating the draw down um and then another small red day, let's just say we base out and then a small green day and then a small green day. And then when I get back on track of, you know, being green generally nine out of 10 days, then um you know, within 10 days or, you know, 12 15 days, the account will be back up. So, that's kind of the way I'm thinking about this um going into the week. Now, uh, looking at the after hours top gainers scanner. This is one of the scans I do like, uh, to check out on, um, the on the weekend just to see what was moving on Friday after the close. And we can see uh, PFSA was our big mover, but from the price range of 80 cents to $140, I can already tell you crowded grinder, not something I want to touch. So, that's a definite no. VVOS, well, so VVOS, um, is also cheaper, as you could see. And this is one that I traded before and I haven't done particularly well on. The 200 moving average is up here around 239 and I don't have any interest in that. LPRO 104 million share float. That's too high. Next BTBD fine on the 3.5 million share float 2.2 or two uh $223. Sorry. Uh and for me it's going to be a little on the cheaper side. So, in fact, if we looked at my metrics, well, this will be a little bit deceiving, I suppose, because that loss is going to get uh categorized under being in the $6 to $10 range because that was the the price where I took the loss. Um, however, um, you could see that I've still done the best on stocks between five and 10 and um, you know, done well on 10 to 20. The two to five, I mean, look, I shouldn't I shouldn't disregard it. That's still some decent profit this year, but I know that that's an area where I can make some big mistakes um uh because I take too much size, especially on a grinder. So, I just have to make sure when I'm trading those lower price stocks that they're not grinding, they're not crowded, that they're actually trading cleanly. So, there's nothing on the after hours top gainer scanner that's particularly interesting. By the way, those of you guys who haven't already checked out a two-eek trial at Warrior Trading, if you do the two-eek trial now, you'll be able to see how I trade and recover from loss. You'll be able to uh watch a bit of trader rehab this week. So, we'll be focused um on higher quality setups. Quantity um you know, is not really the focus. It's quality first. So, trade the best, leave the rest, and um hopefully, excuse me, we end up uh getting some good opportunities. CYCN, this one was also very difficult. Um, and this is the one that we traded on Wednesday. Note, it was also starting at $1.50 and was got really crowded in here. Now, it did end up squeezing after the open into a couple of halts. Um, but it was not it was not super it was not super easy a trade. You had these topping tails, rejection, then a back up, then rejection, haul down, then back up. Um sadly I think it is a continuation stock to keep on watch for the first daily candle to make a new high and it pushed back through the highs of about $9 a share. Now the thing is um the volume on the first day was 264 million shares. So we are seeing a lot of volume in the market um you know but uh again on a stock that starts a little bit on the cheaper side these are really not um these are not what I find to be the easiest to trade. So, if it does break out tomorrow or sometime next week, it'll likely be on much lighter volume than the initial $200 million day, 200 million share day. And so, the relative volume RV uh ratio will be low. And usually that's not a great thing. Um it's probably not going to be super easy to trade. So, CYCN definitely on the continuation scan, but I don't know that it's going to work. AGPU continuing higher up towards the 200 5.1 million share float. Probably not going to go for that. Uh I prefer fresh news. Anna, this one energy fossil fuels hasn't been easy. This whole move it's been difficult. I don't care about it. GVH, this one um Australian company a little bit too cheap. Idea of a curl setup off the low, but uh it's a little too cheap. These ones just haven't been easy to trade. And so NPT, this one's a little bit higher priced. Um, but made a big move back here. This big squeeze. Notice it's a Chinese stock. Uh, sells off, then bounces here off the low, but it's just a bounce off the low. I just have very low expectations for that. So, that one's off the list. Um, recent reverse splits. I mean, again, if we have a recent reverse split that has breaking news, that's fine. But just because it's a reverse split doesn't mean it's going to work. So, as of right now, I usually just check this to see if there's anything from the last um the last couple days. RNX down 22%. This one CDT down 20%. That's just on Friday. So, yeah, Thursday. ATXG very low float. It likes to pop up, but you know, needs to get over the 200 moving average. Let's see. Um 41 bark. So, this one just had the reverse split on April 1st. Been actively selling off. It's not based out for a curl. It's actively selling off. I don't like to trade those typically. The only trade would be a bounce off the low and I don't have much interest in that. TRUG. Um, this one's a charts more interesting. It's kind of flatlining here at the bottom. Room to curl up. US company, media, interactive multimedia. I don't know about that sector, but uh could be something to watch if it has news. Um and then the 30th, EJH, I think this is a foreign listed. Yeah, Chinese company. Just really like sort of bottom of the barrel. Could it curl? Could it pop? Maybe. It's had a series of reverse splits. You'd have to check the underwriter on this one, but um it just every time it does a reverse split. Yes, this was a big bounce. you know, definitely it's had a history of bouncing, but then you have these liquidation days where it just sells off unbelievably. So, I I don't know. I think, you know, there's also something that uh I'll mention about uh trading what's obvious. And no doubt Sky Q was obvious on Friday, which which makes it tricky. Um it was the most obvious stock. It had the most volume. It was the leading gainer. And so that's a little bit of a dis um sort of divergence there that you could have a stock that is so obvious and yet I'm not able to trade it well. So I think the issue here is that I kept looking for it to pull away. I was looking for um essentially parabolic momentum on it because I know that's where I make the most money. But this was not the type of stock that was probably capable of giving it to to us. And so I should have been, if I still wanted to trade it, instead of adding into breakouts to try to position for a big squeeze higher where it would finally pull away, I should have been a more aggressive about just taking profit off the table. And I could have hit base hits on it, but I was trying to size up for a big trade. I don't really know why, but I kept trying to size up. I got stubborn. I kept thinking it was going to pull away. It obviously didn't. And if I had just been in the mindset of, you know, entry down here on the pullback, quick profit, entry on a pullback, quick profit, entry on the pullback, quick profit, I probably could have um I could have finished uh in the green. So, it's I wouldn't necessarily say that I have to write off grinders entirely. I just have to remember that trying uh or or hoping, you know, trying to position for parabolic momentum on them is not realistic. And usually I'm good at not doing that, but this was a little deceiving because it was up in that $56 price range, which is where things can get exciting. But by the time it got there, it already had like 80 million shares of volume and it was crowded and it was not trading nicely. So, I was a little bit um you know, I think maybe I I just wasn't um quite uh on you know, at peak performance on Thursday for a number of reasons. And so, anyways, that is what it is. But my thought for Monday is to continue to try to focus on what is obvious, but then have a more honest assessment about whether or not I should trade it. If it's too cheap or too expensive or the float's too high or too low, I have to leave it alone. But if the float is right and the price is right, then then it's a question of is this a parabolic momentum type of stock or is this just a base hit? And sometimes stocks that only give base hit opportunity like 101 15 cents, you know, buying a stock at a $1.75 for a move up to $1.90, I don't always like to trade those because I feel like my profit to loss ratios aren't that good. I don't really have big enough winners. And when I do catch a loss, it's usually 10 cents. When the potential is only 15 cents, I might only capture half of that, seven cents. So seven cents are my winners. Those just don't feel quite big enough to justify the fact that when I lose, I'll probably still lose 10 cents a share. So then I have a negative profit loss ratio. So some of the grinders, I will just say it's not worth it. Uh but Sky Q did have a bit more range as it got a little higher price. So, I think I just needed to be more um more cognizant of the fact that um it was unrealistic to expect it was actually going to pull away and give us a true short squeeze. It was just not that type of stock. So, Monday morning, I will be focusing on our top gainer scanner first and foremost, looking at the stocks that are the most obvious and then obviously um looking at stocks like SkyQ, for instance, that come out with um a headline and start squeezing up. And I'm gonna hope that we have some opportunities that fit a little bit better within my wheelhouse of where I can do really well. So even though I'll be trading with smaller size, I could lock up some nice base hits. Um, you know, a 50 c move for instance would be great. And even though I won't be in it with 50,000 shares, you know, 10,000 shares and a 50cent move is five grand. And you know, a few $5,000 days is going to definitely chip away at this loss. So that's where I'm at here. Uh again, if you haven't already checked out the twoe trial, link is posted in the top of the comments and it's um also in the description. And I'll be back at it bright and early streaming at about 7 a.m. on Monday morning. So, I hope to see you guys tomorrow. And reminder, as always, trading is risky. My results aren't typical, so please take it slow and always practice in the simulator before putting real money on the line.