Title: Day Trading Watch List for Monday Morning!
Views: 20795
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=Yy53xTZ4zo0
======================================================================

What's up everyone? All right, so in today's episode I'm going to give you my watch list for Monday morning and the game plan for the week ahead. We are coming into the last full week for the month of March and overall it's been a slow month. Certainly not seeing the level of momentum that we had in January or February, but there have been some decent moves here or there. I think my biggest green day was $52,000. I peaked on that day at 75,000 before giving back about a third of it, which was a little disappointing. But at the same time on that day I thought I had the potential for it to be a six-figure green day, but then it just sort of fell apart. So no six-figure green days so far in March, but we still have a little bit of time left. So maybe that will change. Now, as a reminder, for those of you guys who haven't already started a two-week trial, we have a two-week trial for $20 where you can watch over my shoulder and you can use the same software that I use every single day. The link will be posted in the description and pinned to the top comment so you can start that trial today tonight potentially and then you'll be able to log in tomorrow morning. So I start streaming at 7:00 a.m. on Monday and you want to make sure you've signed your market data agreements a little bit in advance. So starting at 7:00 a.m. you're already going to be streaming real-time level two data. Well, certainly if you do the simulator, but at least real-time level one data for charts and for scanners. Okay, so this is the software you guys will have access to during the two-week trial and this is the same layout that I use every single day. So my focus Monday morning as it is on most days is to start even before I get out of bed by checking this top gappers top gainers scanner just to see what are our leading gainers. So on Friday the leading gainer was Anna, A N N A. It's a fossil fuels energy company. As you could see rallied from $4 up to 550, pulled back up to six, up to seven, pulled back up to 750 peaking at just under $8 before selling off a little bit in after hours. The float's 11.7 million shares, energy sector. All right, but if we look at USO, United States Oil Fund, you will also see that oil energy was up on Friday, but it wasn't up as much as Anna was up. So, Anna was a bit of a divergence, moving a little bit certainly higher, up 66% versus United States Oil Fund, which is only at 2%. So, that's not surprising because usually when we have momentum in a small cap name, it it'll far exceed the standard deviation. It'll it'll go up significantly higher than an underlying asset like oil if it's correlated, but it is a little interesting because Anna, in my opinion, I thought the float was a little higher and I really didn't expect that it would put in a big move. So, you know, and for what it's worth, it didn't have a clear catalyst. So, there wasn't a fundamental headline that resulted in all this volume coming in, but nonetheless I had 115 million shares of volume on Friday. 136 times above average volume on the daily. So, that's great to see, um and I I was considering waiting to record this until the futures market open, but I decided to go ahead and record it now. So, it is a little bit of an unknown what the futures will look like, but we do know that the S&P 500 obviously dropped down a bit on Friday. We broke below the 200 moving average, but then the president came on over the weekend and said the you know, the war in Iran is done. Comma, pretty much. So, you but you know, it's it's really hard to know what anything means. So, so it's over. Mostly. So, whatever that means. So, maybe you know, the S&P will be coming up a little bit. Maybe futures will be down a little bit. But ultimately, that is Oops, that that is to be determined. So, rather than kind of speculate on that, I'll at the end of the day focus on what's actually moving in the market. So, Monday morning, I'll be looking at the top gainer scanner and trying to see what is up the most. I'll look at the top three or four gainers. Check their floats, check their prices, check the volume. Are these the type of stocks that I'd be interested in? And is there some theme among them? Are they all for instance, energy stocks? Or are they all pharmaceutical stocks? Not That's not as common that they would all be pharmaceutical stocks. Could they all be Chinese stocks? That That happens from time to time. So, I will pay attention to try to identify a possible theme. Now, on our continuation scanner, you may know that my trade on Friday was ARTL. And this was right off the continuation scan. So, we had this move. I'll just make this full screen for you. We had this move midweek last week. Sort of popped up at the open, then sold off, popped up a little at the close, sold off. And so, we sort of had this multi-day long consolidation. We were holding above the low of the pullback, which was bullish. And so, the ascending support line was sort of holding it up here. And then we had this breakout right here on Friday, which I didn't expect. But I jumped in it around $8 and we got this squeeze up to 980. So, for Friday, I ended up finishing up $6,021.49 as you can see right there after peaking at like 7,300. So, I did get back a little bit off the top. But what you can certainly see is these last 2 weeks have been quite slow. You know, biggest green day was only like 10,000, 9,900. uh So, the last day that was really good was that $52,000 day back on uh March 4th, where I was up 70, but then couldn't keep it all. $43,000 day in February, and then this one back there in beginning of February. So, you know, on the one hand, you could say I'm due for a red day. It's been a a couple weeks, so I should be on the lookout for that, because sometimes when the green days are getting smaller and smaller, it's like, "Oop, there you go. There's a red day." So, I got to be careful about that. On the other hand, maybe I'm also due for a nice green day. It's been a little bit for that, too. So, one of the other, big green or big red, and that certainly would be the result if I trade with huge size on Monday morning. But, if I trade with smaller size on my first couple trades and work on building my cushion, then if I start going red, I could just take my foot off the gas very quickly and say it's not happening. Don't want to push it. Or, if I start going green, I can lean in, get aggressive, and maybe that's how I turn, you know, turn Monday into a a nice big green day. Um so, let's look here just at the past 30 days. We're going to do a little report here just to get dialed in at the type of stocks I've been doing well on to see if that gives us an indicator of what I should focus on. So, last 30 days, $105,000 of profit, $7,000 daily average, okay. 67% accuracy, profit loss ratio 1.5 to 1, okay. Average winner, including losers, is 7 cents. We could dial that in a little bit more. Um most profit has been between 7 and 8, a little less between 8 and 9, a little less between 9 and 10. Or, that's interesting. Um I don't feel like that's typical. Um here, biggest profit between 5 and 10, but decent profit between 10 and 20, and a little bit between 20 and 50, even though that is a little higher priced. Losing money below $2. Interesting. By instrument here, um CANF VCIG, ATPC, ARTL. So, I'm just going to type in a couple of these symbols. I'll move this up here. So, let's So, ARTL 600,000 share float, healthcare stock. CIANF, this is healthcare and it's a 1.2 million share float. VCIG, this is um And this is some Malaysian foreign listed company, interesting. Um what was CIANF? Is this This is a Israeli company, interesting. VCIG Malaysia, ARTL was US, ATPC, this is also Malaysia. So, a couple Malaysian stocks, lower floats. NPT, this one is Chinese, 3 million shares. MTEC, so this one's Israeli. So, most of these are foreign listed companies. Most of them have floats that are uh less than 5 million shares. INDO, 9 million shares. KIDZ, US company. Interesting. Okay, and then the biggest loss with ADVB, but um what was that? Um Interesting. So, it was Oh, yeah, it was a biotech stock, too. All right, so just looking at the um seeing if there's any theme there. So, definitely a little bit more of a theme towards uh foreign listed companies doing better when the stock has higher volume, that makes sense. Lower volume stocks will chop me out. Doing better on five times relative volume, makes sense. Lighter volume not as good. Um Okay, and doing okay on stocks that were down 10%. So, a gap down reversal, and but mostly that's 30% of the profit or so, 40%, and then the rest is on stocks up. Interesting. Okay. Market behavior not as relevant, um but that that gives a little bit of an indicator of um you know, where I of look for bigger moves. At least right now seems like foreign listed stocks with a float of under 5 million, and those are wild card stocks. They can make huge moves and then they can give it all back. So, uh they have to be approached with caution, but that is where I've seen the most success. All right. So, then that was our continuation scan. Let's see. Um we're going to do recent IPO top moving. SWMR, obviously this has put in a big move here, but bit higher priced got higher priced pretty quickly. AI theme um with a drone headline. Let's see. I'll look at mhm We had You know, I'm not sure that we've had a lot of recent good recent reverse splits. Let's just check a couple of those stocks I made some decent money on. C I N F, not a recent reverse split. A R T L, yes. Okay. V C I G, mhm No. Yeah, well, yes. Oh, yeah. No, it was. It was on the day I traded it. So, yes, that one was. Um A T P C, that one was not. Interesting. Uh let's see. N P T, nope. M Tech, nope. N S R X, no. So, recent reverse splits not been as big of a theme in the last 30 days. C H I N R, so that's something to take note of. So, maybe don't need to worry about that too much. And the recent IPO is that doesn't usually um work when the market's a little bit cooler. So, I would say um at this point, you know, I don't think we're going to have Well, let me just check one last scan um after hours top gainer scanner. So, yeah, biggest gainer after hours is only 30%. So, I don't think that we're going to have any necessarily strong continuation setups here going into um Monday morning, but I will be hopeful that we have something with fresh news. So, I'll be watching fresh news tomorrow morning and just keeping an eye on this gate top gainer scanner and then once we have a stock that's on the scan that's moving a bit, then I can start getting dialed in looking for pullbacks like right here. And so, I don't need to be the first one in, right? I mean, if a stock comes out with breaking news and I'm sitting here, I'll trade it. But, even if I'm sitting down halfway in the middle of the move, I could just wait for the next pullback and then ride that next leg of momentum. So, that's going to be the game plan on Monday morning watching that top gainer scanner and hopefully you guys join us for a 2-week trial. So, again, the link is posted in the top of the comments and it's also in the description and I'll see you guys streaming at 7:00 a.m. bright and early tomorrow morning. Remember as always, trading is risky, so I encourage you guys to practice in a simulator before you ever put real money on the line. My results are not typical, so please take it slow.