Title: Ultimate Guide on ADDING to Winners with Scaling 🍏 (LIVE STREAM)
Channel: Ross Cameron - Warrior Trading
Views: 347680
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=KzVbXzkoZkA
======================================================================

All right, everyone. Well, we are going to get started here. Thank you guys for tuning in. The topic of today's class is scaling strategies for averaging up and averaging down. This is a live broadcast. Thank you guys for tuning in live. And for those of you guys who are watching this days later, weeks later, maybe months later, thank you as always for tuning in. I love that you guys are motivated and want to learn about trading. One of these classes that I taught last year on timing entries and exits now has over a million views. So, thank you guys who tune in, especially you the loyal subscribers to the channel. All right, so let's go ahead and dive in. I know you guys some of you have been tuned in here waiting for a few minutes. So, this is a class that is certainly great for beginner traders, but I'm going to tell you right now that scaling is a little bit more advanced than your very simple strategy of one entry, one exit. And I'm going to talk about the reasons why I would approach scaling, and let's just go ahead and look at the topics for today's class. So, number one, what is scaling? Some of you already know, so we'll go through that fairly quickly. I'm going to talk to you number two about when to avoid scaling. When is scaling not appropriate? And then, inversely, when is scaling appropriate? Number three. Number four, I'm going to share with you how to scale into trades. And number five, how to scale out of trades. So, those are the five topics that we're going to cover in this class, and I'm excited because today you guys are going to get a chance to download a live trading archive of me trading OCEA. This is a stock where I made a little over $10,000, and during the whole trading session I was using a scaling technique to try to maximize on the opportunity. So, right down in the link there'll be a link right down the description. We'll also pin it to the top of the comments. So, if you guys and I'll show you this live trading archive a little bit during this episode, but if you want to download it to rewatch the whole thing on your own, by all means, please do that. And everyone who downloads that OCEA live trading archive, the scaling in and out case study, you'll also get a copy of my technical analysis series. All right, so those are a couple of cool things that we put together for you guys, especially for this class here today. So, without any further delay, let's get into it and cover the topic of what the heck is scaling. Scaling is a position management strategy designed to help maximize profits. A trader who does not scale will have one entry and one exit for each trade they take. A trader who scales will add several times until reaching full position, and then when they sell, they'll sell several times until they've closed the position. Now, I have my whiteboard here ready to go. So, a beginner trader is going to typically focus on a buy, and let's just say we've got a pattern here. Stock pops up, it pulls back. They're getting in right there. That's the entry. It goes up to here, and they're taking one exit right there. All right, so that's their exit. That's going to be very typical. A beginner strategy, one entry, one exit. More experienced traders, what they're going to do, what I'm going to show you on this, is as the stock is pulling down, we might take what I would call a starter down here. Now, you're going to be in at a little bit of a lower price before you have confirmation, which carries more risk, but it's a smaller position. Then you add into confirmation, and you might even add on the break through the high of day right there. So, now you have a cost basis of let's just say approximately in the middle, but you're able to start with what was initially maybe 10 cents of risk, and now you've got a full position, a bigger position than the person who does one entry and one exit. And I'm going to show you exactly how that works. But this is a strategy where you can increase your position size without increasing the risk you were taking on the trade. And then, in terms of your exit, a scaling trader might take a little off here, a little off here, a little off here, and a little off here as the stock keeps going up. So, obviously some interesting stuff. And in fact, I'll show you here just today, we did have some opportunities for scaling on a couple of different stocks that that we traded. I traded BFRG, which was a nice momentum stock today. It was one of our leading percentage gappers and gainers in the market. Went up about 57, 60%. CL CDLX is going up right now. These are the types of stocks that if you're not scaling, you're going to be leaving a lot of money on the table. All right, so let's switch back here to the slides. So, scaling is about increasing profit without increasing risk or max loss on a trade. Well, how is that even possible? I don't believe it. Okay. Well, let me show you. This is how it works. A non-scaling trader is going to take, and this is just, you know, as a as an example, an entry of let's say a thousand shares at 950. With a stop at 940. That means they're risking a hundred bucks on that trade. If they get an exit $10, that's 50 cents a share, they're going to make $500. This is non-scaling. Now, a trader who is scaling, let's just say, will take an entry at 950. Same thousand shares. Stop is 940. So, they're still risking only a hundred dollars on the trade. But at $10, this is where we see a difference. Instead of selling, they're adding another thousand shares. This is when I'm already up 500. And this is going to highlight the risk here as well. So, now the cost basis moves up to 975. Right? So, your average price is 975, but you're holding two thousand shares. And at the current price of $10, you're still up 25 cents. So, now you can set a stop at break even. Which means now you're holding a two thousand share position, and your risk is back to break even. That means you're actually not risking a loss. Now, you know, you have to be a little bit careful about this because as you obviously know, if you've been trading for a while, we do have the risk of, you know, for instance, you know, a stock that's that's pulls back like this, starts to pop up, and then does one of these dramatic candles like that. And you know, you were you added at 10, and then it dropped below your 975 average, and you got slippage on the exit. So, you did end up taking a loss. So, there could still be some risk, but the idea here is that you take your entry. So, let's say you're in at let's say this is 975, and this right here is $10. Actually, that's 950. That's $10 right there. So, your average is right in the middle. This is your cost basis. Now, a conservative trader, a beginner trader, is doing the right thing by taking the whole thing off the table at 10 rather than adding. But a more aggressive trader who's trying to capture more potential is going to add at 10. His new stop is 975. And now with two thousand shares, if this thing goes up to to 1025 right here, they're going to end up making a thousand dollars. And what was the risk on the trade? Initially, they were still only risking a hundred based on the initial entry at 950. By the time they were adding to a two thousand share position, their risk was back to flat stop at break even. But the thing here that could be a little confusing is that you are risking giving up your unrealized profit because you're up $500, and you're choosing not to sell it and take that 500 off the table. So, that's where the the risk comes in in a in a more significant way. And so, I'm going to talk as we go through this class about the times when I think it's appropriate to scale, and the times when it's not as appropriate to scale. So, you can see here on this example, and I'm going to let my my dog in. This is This is the problem with sitting close to the door is she she knows I'm here, so she goes in and out. So, here in this example, uh you were able to increase your size to two thousand shares, and on a 50 cent winner, you made a thousand bucks instead of 500. So, you were able to increase your profit without substantially increasing amount you're risking when you first were taking the trade. You were still risking only a hundred dollars. Okay. Now, hey, by the way, for those of you guys who have been tuning in for a while, I really do appreciate you hitting the thumbs up. We have something that we do over at Warrior Trading. We ask our students to give us our test their testimonials and things like that. And we have over 2,200 of these testimonials. Uh 92% are excellent, five out of five. So, for those of you tuning in perhaps for the first time, I would I I hope that this is a a good intro to being a bit of a student of Warrior Trading even though it's on YouTube. I hope it gives you a little bit of a sense of the way I teach, my personality. And I hope maybe you guys make your way over to Warrior Trading and check out one of our classes. Warrior Starter, Warrior Pro. Over 2,200 testimonials, 92% being five star. They've got to be on to something. All right, now let's talk for a second about when to avoid scaling. So, during my small account challenges, I do not scale. When I'm doing a small account challenge, I almost always take the approach of one entry and one exit. Especially during the beginning of the challenge. So, why would this be the case? With a small account, taking one entry full size, then getting out with one exit is a more conservative way to trade. This is about being consistent, locking up lots of consecutive base hit winners. Small accounts are proof of concept and confidence builders. So, let me say that again. A small account is not about making a lot of money. It's about building a track record of success. A track record of consistency creates confidence. That's what gives you the motivation to keep studying, to keep trading, and to consider funding a larger account where you can make a little bit more. Trading with a $500 account, there's no six-figure trader or seven-figure trader who resets their account to $500 at the beginning of each month. So, if you're trading in a $500 account, just consider it proof of concept. And as many of you know, my average trades right now, and this is just giving you some context here. So, my average winners are $1, 400. Why don't you take a guess at my average winner in terms of number of cents per share? How much do you think I'm making on my average winners in terms of cents per share? And this is using a scaling strategy. My average winners are 14 cents per share. So, you could do the math here. My average share size is 10,000 shares. Just like that. So, if you're a beginner trader and you're trading with a $100 account, you're trading with a $100 or sorry, with 100 share size. Let's say you're trading with 100 shares. Your average winner of 14 cents, it's only going to be 14 bucks. You're trading with a thousand shares, average winner 14 cents is 140. You're trading with 10,000 shares, your average is going to be 1400. You're trading with 20,000 shares, your average is 2800. You're trading with 40,000 shares, right? You can continue to scale up. Now, at a certain point you're going to run into liquidity issues, but scaling from 100 to 1,000 to five to 10,000, for stocks that I trade, that's not difficult. And that's because I focus on stocks that have high relative volume. I'll talk a little bit more about that in a moment. At the end of this class, I'll share with you my um four or five uh tips for trading the right types of stocks each day. All right, and that'll include a calculation on relative volume. So, my approach here and my belief is that as a beginner trader, uh if you're focused if you're trading in a uh in a small account, you should avoid scaling. You should focus on one entry and one exit. One of the things I talk about a lot is uh and I I actually have this built out as part of our trading plan for Warrior Pro students in chapter 14. The trading plan focuses on one trade a day, focusing on trying to capture 10 to 15 cents per share. That's the same as what I'm trying to capture. Yes, you're doing it with only perhaps 100 shares, but it's about building consistency and a track record. Because if you could do it with 100 shares, you should be able to do it with a thousand. If you do it with a thousand, you should be able to do it with 2,000. So many traders throw out that good advice and instead say, "No, no, no, no, no. I'm trading with 100 shares, which means I want to make 100 a day, so I've got to get a full dollar a share out of the market." That means you're trying to on average have your winners be almost 10 times bigger than my winners. I've been doing this for more than 10 years. You think that sounds like a good idea to try to be out-trading me on the average winners by a multiple of 10? Doesn't seem like a good idea to me. In fact, it might even be a better idea to set your goal a little bit lower than what I'm doing. And yet, that's not going to work for a lot of traders with a tiny account, which reiterate, tiny account, proof of concept, that's all it is. So, if you're someone out there with a three, four, five, six hundred thousand dollar account and you're actually trying to make six figures with it, I'm going to tell you and I'm I'm not going to tell you what you want to hear, I'm going to tell you the truth, it's going to be darn near impossible. But, you can do proof of concept and I really did take a $583 account and I did turn it into over 100 grand in 45 days. And I did it by taking one entry, one exit. So, just for instance, my first day, and I could show you you could always check out the metrics if you want to. Um but they're they're over on our website. But, I'll just show you real quick. So, my first my first trade for instance, um on day one, uh I think I made something like $80, $8. So, I had like $583 and then plus the 80, so on day two I had oops, um I had about 660. Right? So, I was able to buy a little bit more stock. Then on the next day, I think I made about $100, which was pretty good. So, on the next day I had about $750. And then again, another $118 day or whatever it is. The next day I'm at 870. And then another $150 day. Now I'm at, you know, 1,020 bucks, right? So, just continuing to slowly add a little bit more, a little bit more. So, by the end of the first week, all of a sudden, I can buy twice the position that I was able to buy on day one. Just focusing on one entry, one exit, trying to grow the account. And then once the account was over, I don't know, $5,000, then for me it was a lot easier to trade. So, really, a small account challenge, it's really only challenging the first week. But, if you're going to try to take all that profit out and start again next week or next month with 500, it's going to be pretty difficult. So, again, if you're a beginner trader, try to get dialed in with being consistent with one entry, one exit. If you're not consistent yet with one entry, one exit, I wouldn't overcomplicate it by scaling. Scaling is more advanced. It requires different types of orders for selling half, selling quarter, sizing in, using average cost basis. So, it's a little bit more complicated. So, focus on first timing with one entry, one exit, getting consistency, getting confidence, and then add the scaling on top. So, assuming you're in that position now where you're ready to start, you know, well, maybe you're a beginner and you just want to learn about scaling and that's fine, too. But, let's say you're at a place where you actually want to start trading using scaling. So, one of the things that I have to look at are market conditions. In a hot market, I will scale much more aggressively. In a cold market, I'm going to trade more conservatively and I'll scale less. I rarely won't scale at all, even in a cold market. I just scale a bit less than I would in a hot market. So, in a cold market, I'm a bit more cautious about scaling because I don't want to bring my average cost too high. What ends up happening um quite a bit more during a cold market is, you know, we'll see a stock pop up, it'll pull back a little bit, and then it'll pop up, but it'll do a double top and then it rejects, right? So, adding here and taking profit here really is the right approach. Adding here and adding here, cost basis is here, you're going to keep getting stopped out break even. And so, after that happens a number of times, you start thinking, "You know what? Market's feeling a little cold. I think instead of adding right there, I'm just going to go ahead and sell it." And that's the right move. So, you do have to adapt your scaling strategy to market conditions. Now, I I still try to scale out a little bit to capitalize, but I'm a bit more cautious, I suppose, on scaling in because I don't want to bring that cost basis too high cuz then that's when I'm going to start uh finding myself getting stopped at break even. Okay, so when is scaling appropriate? Well, if scaling is about maximizing profits, and there she goes, she's going back out again. If scaling is about maximizing profits, we know that that's not going to come without any risk. Instead of taking that small profit off the table, taking that small base hit, we're in a winning position and I add more shares. This is scaling in and it's also called averaging up because my cost basis is moving higher. If I keep adding higher, my cost basis moves higher. And I understand some beginner traders are like, "Th- This makes no sense at all. Why would you add higher?" So, I'll give you the simple uh simplest explanation. I want to add to winners, not to losers. That means averaging in, averaging higher. Averaging down, a stock is dropping and you're con- continue adding, adding, adding, that's averaging down, that's averaging to a loo- averaging into a losing position. You know, we've seen this a lot um you know, with short sellers, where a stock pops up and they add short here. It pops up a little bit more, they add short here. They're bringing their average up. So, they're averaging up, but they're short, so they're it's averaging down cuz they're in a losing position. It goes up more, they add more. It goes up more, they add more. It goes up a little more, starts to slow down, they add more and more. And now their cost basis, which started here, has moved all the way up to maybe right about here. Now they've got a big position. It comes down to here and they're hoping, you know, something like this. But, when it suddenly goes like this, like that, now they're taking max loss up here with full position. And you could do I mean the inverse would be something kind of like this um where a stock is dropping and you're adding adding adding adding adding as it's going down and then finally it flushes and you capitulate and bail out with full size. So, averaging period, whether you're averaging long or short, I think is uh when you're averaging into a losing position, I think is a dangerous uh strategy. What I would instead prefer to do is to add to a winner. So, we have a stock that goes up, you know, I take my starter down here, I add more here, I add more here, it goes higher, it pulls back a little bit, it goes higher, I add more here. So, yes, my initial cost basis was down here, I could have taken the whole thing off the table here, but I added. I could have taken the whole thing off the table here, but I added. So, now my average cost moves up to here, but let's just say in this instance, I started with I don't know, 5,000 shares. That was my starter risking about 14 cents a share. That would be my max loss, so risking about 750 bucks. But I add 5,000, I add another five, I add another five, now I've got 20,000 shares of this position up here. It's trading at this level here, my stop is break even, and if it goes all the way up to here, I potentially end up with a 10 to 15, maybe 20,000 winner. And it was still only based on an initial risk of $750. So, now when you see me having a trade where I'm up 10 or 15,000, sometimes a trader will say, "How much did you risk to take that trade?" Well, my initial entry of 5,000 shares had a 15 cent stop, I was only risking 750 bucks. Now, that's true on the one hand, but of course on the other hand, uh if I'm in a trade with 20,000 shares and I'm up 30 cents, you know, I'm up 6,000 unrealized. So, if it does go back to break even, uh it's kind of it's not like losing 6,000 because it wasn't money that you actually sold and then you took a loss, but on the other hand, it is it's definitely giving back unrealized profit. I'm kind of okay with that in a hot market because I have to use that unrealized profit as my cushion to give me the leverage to hold a big position for a bigger move. And that's the reason I've been able to have such huge green days because I keep adding and adding and adding and adding. So, Alex says, "Please show how to turn 500 into 750,000 in 3 days." It sounds like Alex owes someone $750,000. So, I hate to say it, buddy, but um that's not possible. That's not going to happen. I I can't teach you how to do that because I haven't been able to do that. Now, I've certainly been able to turn, you know, 500,000 into 750,000 or something like that. And I did turn my $500 account into over a million dollars, but it took 2 years. Uh almost 2017 to May of 2019. Took about 2 years to do that. So, 3 days, uh it's not going to work. 700 days, maybe I can maybe I can help you there. All right, so So, the long and the short of it here is that scaling does sacrifice a base hit. So, you have to ask yourself, and this is this has to be a very honest question with yourself, is when are you comfortable risking giving up that unrealized profit, you know? So, like for me, if I'm in a cold market, then I'm going to be in this kind of approach of like I I kind of kind of hit and run trading, like base hit. Get in, get out. Get in, get out. Do not overstay my welcome. Just get green, get out. Get green, get out. And that's going to be a little bit more of like add starter add to it once. So, I start with 3,000, I go to 6,000, and then when I'm up 20 cents, I take the full 1,200 off the table and I'm like, "That's good enough for me." All right, I'm not going to push it too long. That's going to be an approach that I'm going to use during a colder market. In a colder market, what gets me through is remaining consistent, even if it's only on small green days. Just kind of grinding on small green days. But when the market starts to heat up, that's when I'm going to start to recognize, "Look, we're seeing some really big winners. I'm not going to start with a 25,000 share position. But, if I'm willing to risk some of the unrealized profit, I could scale into 25,000 shares. And heck, if we end up getting a 50 cent move into a halt and it gaps higher, I could make 25 grand on one trade. It's time to step up to the plate. That requires a pretty deep connection with market sentiment and also a good understanding and and self-awareness of your own confidence and kind of where you're at cuz one of the things that's really important is that you're constantly trying to keep yourself at the top of your game whenever you're trading. So, even in a cold stretch, you're still trying to stay at the top of your game so you're ready when things start to look better. So, preserving your emotional mindset, keeping yourself feeling confident, is very important. So, building consistency, but yeah, if so if things are starting to to improve, then you want to start to step it up. So, one of the things I talk about is trying to trade right at the edge of your comfort zone. Don't get too comfortable cuz then you're not pushing yourself hard enough. But if you push yourself too hard, you could fall and you could lose confidence. So, just trading kind of right at the edge of your comfort zone, both in share size, in quantity, in time of day, sort of all of that. That's where you're going to experience the most growth. So, um I want to show you I have a couple different episodes or little clips I'm going to show you here as we go through this class. Um I asked some of my all-star students about um their favorite strategy cuz, you know, I have of course some of these students who have been doing quite well and um why don't you hear from from them about some of their techniques. This first 1-minute long video. I'm a small cap momentum trader looking for front side moves. I look for dips that I kind of go into where shorts get squeezed and look for the biggest moves of the day. My strategy I would say is momentum based strategy, stocks going straight up. Essentially is raw strength. I like small cap stocks. I'm a small cap momentum trader. I short sell small cap equities and I tend to look for momentum stocks that are making big intraday moves and I short sell them and scalp them for a mean reversion trade on the short term time frame. My favorite strategy is going to be trading the theme in small caps. All right. So, I could turn down the audio a little bit um on the next one, but Oops, sorry. So, that gives you just a little bit of a sense of some of the different traders that we have in the community. Generally though, I'm a momentum trader and so most of the students that I have at Warrior Trading are also momentum traders. So, that means we're focusing on trading stocks that are moving quickly. And that is a strategy of buy high, sell higher, looking for those continuation squeezes. And in order to trade momentum effectively, you really have to scale. However, requirements to start scaling. We do need bigger moves. I mean, if you're seeing a stock that's only going up, you know, 10, 15 cents, you don't have enough room to scale in, right? I mean, it just you just don't. It's a difficult market to scale in. Now, if we're seeing stocks squeezing up 50 cents, a dollar a share or more, that's where we're getting an opportunity to start scaling. So, let me show you um just a a real uh life example here. This was Well, this is um CDLX today. You know, so the range is from 450 up to six. So, you've got more than enough range there to scale if you wanted to. BFRG earlier this morning, this one presented some great opportunities. Uh and you can see here we had this uh break of 750 that gave us a squeeze into a halt up to eight and then a dip and a rip up to nine. So, here again, you've got a dollar 50 a share. So, when you're seeing bigger moves like that, that's where you're definitely going to have the opportunity to start scaling in and out a bit more. Um you know, on the other hand, uh I don't know if there's a good example. Well, maybe even SECO today. This one was a little bit cheaper, so it didn't really you know, it didn't really give us quite enough range. And so, you know, one of the things that I would point to here, my strategy is based Well, it's based on metrics. It's based on historical data. And the way I was able to accumulate all of that data was through a long period of trial and error. And you guys have the benefit that when you learn from me or you learn from anyone who's proven profitable, you have the benefit of sort of piggybacking off of all of the experience that they've accumulated. So, I'll just show you this here. This is um let's see, 23,000 trades. 23,000 trades over 12 million dollars of gross profit. So, there's a lot of data in all of this right here. This is going to tell you the day of the week I trade the best. It's going to tell you the price of the stocks I trade the best, right? So, I know with a lot of certainty when I should be the most aggressive. This is based on historical data. So, if you're a trader that's brand new, you know, and perhaps you're trying to trade on your own, you may simply find that that you don't have the track record to really feel a lot of conviction in anyone strategy, which is one of the benefits of being able to be part of a a community of traders and sort of piggyback off other people's experience. So, requirements to scale, probably first and foremost, is that we do need bigger moves in the market. If you're seeing really small moves, it's just it's going to be really it's going to be difficult. I wouldn't say that hot keys are necessarily a requirement for scaling. You can scale in and out just by point and click. I wouldn't say direct routing is a requirement. I would really just say volatility, and maybe perhaps another one is liquidity. You know, if you're in a market where you're scaling up to 20,000 shares, if you have to panic out and sell the whole thing, you do want to make sure you could do that without getting a ton of slippage. So, some of these stocks end up you know, they make big moves and you could scale in, but they don't have a lot of liquidity. So, accumulating to a really big position, it could be difficult to unwind that position. You would have to just as you scaled in with 5,000 share blocks and 10 orders, you'd have to scale out like that. So, that makes it so, you know, when you start accumulating a bigger position, it's kind of like a big big boat in the harbor. You kind of have to be a little bit more careful how you move. You can't move in and out quite as quickly, and if you do, you're going to get slippage on your orders. So, that is something to be aware of when it comes to scaling. But naturally, there are a lot of benefits to scaling. If you ever want to trade a larger positions, scaling allows you to move into and out of the market with less slippage than one big block order. So, like a 30,000 share order that's sent as a market order, that order needs to find a match the second you press the buy or sell button. And if there are not buyers and sellers ready to absorb your order, you're going to get slippage. Now, if you scaled into that same 30,000 position with six orders of 5,000 shares, it would allow you to move into the market a little bit more slowly. You'd be able to find matches. It's easier to see a 5,000 share match. You wouldn't have the same level of slippage. And if there were a hidden seller, maybe there's a big big hidden seller, an iceberg order, you'd be able to spot it faster with small size before you buy a big block of 30,000 shares from them. Now, you might not have a problem selling to a hidden buyer, but on the other hand, if there's a hidden buyer there, why would you want to sell? Because maybe that hidden buyer is going to keep moving their price up, and that's an indicator that there's some real strength in it. So, scaling has the sort of added benefit of helping you dip your toe into the market a little bit, so you can visualize with your order whether or not you're buying from a hidden seller. So, the way I look at hidden sellers, you know, we've got our level two here, so we've got the bid and we've got the ask. And let's just say this is $6 and this is 605. You know, it might be showing only 1,000 shares, and this might be showing, you know, 2,000 shares, but then all of a sudden, you press the buy button, so you press a buy order for 5K shares, and you see on the time and sales window right here, so you see your 5,000 share block go through, but it goes through right at 605. And that seller doesn't change. So, that means there's a hidden seller right there. So, you press the 5,000 share buy button again, goes through again, still doesn't budge. So, now you know there's a big seller right there. On the flip side, if you hit the bid at six, and that 2,000 didn't change, you would know there's a hidden buyer there. So, scaling in and out allows you to kind of get a feel for the market, and you can sense whether or not there are hidden buyers or hidden sellers. And you can sense it with 5,000, you know, 3,000 share positions just as easily as you could with 30,000. So, you might as well try it with less size, because once you know that there's a hidden buyer or seller, that's going to you're going to use that information to your advantage. So, the share size for scaling, I suppose it's also a requirement that you have a certain number of shares. If you're scale trying to scale with less than 1,000 shares, you know, if if you're with a broker that charges commission, I don't think that that's going to be really efficient. But if you're trading with more than 5,000 shares, and certainly more than 10,000, I think you will see a benefit from scaling both in the fact that you'll have less slippage and in the fact that it gives you the chance to kind of take the temperature of the market. Now, I think Jack asked a question about in terms of averaging in, if I have a specific technique that I use to calculate how many shares I'm going to add and and sort of what price is, and I'm going to talk about that in a minute when we're looking more in detail of scaling scaling in, averaging in. Now, what some traders will do is trade around a core position. So, this is a little bit of a different technique for scaling. The idea here is that, let's say you buy 2,000 shares and you're holding it, but then while you're holding that 2,000 share position, so, you know, we'll just go on the whiteboard here again. So, let's say, you know, the stock squeezes up, it pulls back, and you buy 2,000 shares right here. Okay, then it goes up and it pulls back again. So, let's just say you haven't sold it at all. And now you're like, well, shoot. This is another setup right here. So, scaling around a core position could mean you buy, and then as soon as it goes up here, you sell. So, you buy another 2,000, and then you sell 2,000. So, for a moment, you had 4,000 shares. And then you drop it back down to 2,000. And that's fine. The only problem with doing this is that as soon as you press the buy button here, your cost basis goes from here to here. All right? And then when you sell 2,000 shares there, that's fine, you book some profit, but you've screwed up your cost basis a little bit. So, that's something to be aware of. You can't like hold one position and then sort of leave that to the side and then trade other positions unless you have two accounts, which you could do in that instance, but that's not going to be as as common for most traders. So, you can trade around a core position. So, you have a core position, and then when you see certain areas, you you do quick trades, you add, and then you take profit, so you're you're now you're you're kind of doing little trades there. But like I said, the downside is that it'll increase your cost basis. When I'm in what I'd call flow state trading, I'm hitting the buy and sell buttons really based on what I'm seeing on the level two and the time and sales. It's based on this volatility. And this is high-speed breakout trading, scalp trading. It typically involves a lot of scaling in and scaling out. So, we'll review the live examples of this as we get into the OCEA live trading archive, cuz that's going to show you that scaling kind of in real time. And then you guys will also have a chance to download that if you want to download it and rewatch that full live trading archive, cuz that full live trading archive is about an hour long, and I'm not going to show the whole thing. I'll just show little parts of it here in this episode. I also watch very closely psychological price levels when trading a fast-moving stock, including half dollars and whole dollars. And that actually reminds me, let me show you let me show you an example. I'm going to switch actually to this screen. I'm going to show you an example really quickly of what you could have taken as a scalp trade on this was a let's see, a trade just yesterday. So, let's see. All right, so here, I'm going to pull up this live trading archive for you. So, this is a stock, and just to help you get oriented, we're looking at the level two on this, and you could see that there's a seller at 10. For some of you guys, this is like a little bit this is going to be a very quick example. But right here, you've got a seller at $10, it's showing 31,000 shares on the ask. 310, and then you add you add the two zeros. That's the way they display level two. So, there's 31,000 shares on the ask here. And this could have been a trade where if you already had a core position, you could have said, you know, if this seller breaks, it's probably going to pop. And let's let's just look at what happens when the seller breaks. So, it falls, you know, it taps it, and then it pulls back, drops down to 983 by 990, then it comes back up to 98, back up, there you go. And look, someone just bought 5,000 shares. So, see how that 5,000 share order went through? So, someone bought 5,000 shares there, and and maybe what I'll do, just to make this a little bit easier for you. Um Let's see. I'll just make this a smidge bit bigger. Um just so you can see it well. All right, so screen capture. All right, how's that look? Is that easier for you guys to see? All right, so let's watch this here. All right, so we're going to re- rewind 10 seconds. Okay. So, what we're going to see is 31,000 shares on the ask, 5,000 share order goes through, it goes from 31 to 26. The math checks out. All right, so it doesn't look like there's a hidden seller. The someone is selling, but it doesn't look like a hidden hidden seller. And then another 5,000 share goes through and it goes to 21. Okay. Now there's another sell another buy order another 4,000 shares and it goes to 15. Here we go. Boom. So now some people are jumping in to anticipate the break and watch what happens. Holy moly, that just went to 1070. Wow. That is a breakout. There's 5,000 shares for sale at 1070. So 1065 on the ask. So that could have been one of those times where you jumped in at 10 and you sell at 1050 for 50 cents a share. Or 1060, 60 cents a share, whatever it is. Maybe 1040, 40 cents a share. And then you you do that quick trade where you add to the position and then you get back out. Now one of the things that I like about uh using the level two is that it helps me see those little areas. So that little spot there, that quick breakout or scalp trade at 10, that's a whole dollar level. That's what we would call trading based around a psychological level, $10. And we use the combination as a scalp trader as a as an aggressive day trader of looking at the level two, reading the tape, and predicting what was going to happen. Now any of these predictions, they come with um you know, obviously uh you have to have a certain level of experience to accurately predict what's going to happen in these moments. Gaining that experience is a process of um you know, continuing to to trade every single day and and be here. Um you know, getting in that screen time. So those psychological levels can be the type of places that I like to take a quick trade to add um and then I would call that flow state trading. Now I want to give you um another second here uh and let's let me get my mouse here uh to hear about a couple of the favorite setups of uh some of our students. So listen to this real quick. My go-to setup would be essentially stocks squeezing straight up. I like the wick replay. It's my go-to setup. It provides a lot of opportunity and a lot of high risk high reward. It's essentially how I like to trade. My two favorite strategies are a washout long after a catalyst driven parabolic move and then sub VWAP traps. My favorite intraday setup would be a stock that is uh spiking up on momentum, making a strong extension on a short time frame, and I'm looking to short that extension back down to the trend line. Usually the 13 EMA on a 2-minute time frame. I'll take partial profits there and if it continues to fade, taking profits at and below VWAP. My go-to setup as a trader is an ABCD pattern through all-time highs or at high of day where I can kind of take the dip in between the C and the D pattern, look for an add towards high of day, getting the squeeze and short more time added to the buying power. Yep. There you go. All right, come on. Let's see. My go-to setups are the trade stocks between $5 and $20 that are shooting up on momentum and are also halting up. I typically like to trade uh breakouts, dips within context of strength, and halts. All right, so um for those tuned in, I you know, be happy to hear what your favorite setups are and for those that want to leave comments down below. Um so now let's talk for a second about um the actual process of scaling into a trade. All right, so this is where kind of the rubber meets the road a little bit. Uh and I think that this is probably what a lot of you are interested in. So how to scale in uh into a trade. This is what I would call the starter position. How many of you have heard me say just took a starter? All right, taking a starter position. You've seen it in the live trading archives. You know that this is the way I approach trading. So I often take a starter position. This is my first entry. This is the place where I'm anticipating a breakout. Now I'm getting in a little early. I'm getting in without confirmation. Takes a little bit of cojones to do that. It's a little riskier. But the nice thing about scaling in is that I can comfortably test the water with a smaller position. If it works, I can add. If it doesn't, I cut the loss with small size and the loss is smaller. So the reason that I do this is because I found that if I wait for confirmation, I pay a high price for it. In other words, by the time we get confirmation, the stock is going to be up quite a bit more. So, you know, we've got this pattern here and let's just say, you know, we get that bottoming tail and then the entry is right here. That is maybe the official place to take an entry. That's what we call first candle make a new high and you can see it right here. That's this spot right here. That's the right place to take an entry. But what if you could have taken a starter down here? And what if right down here was like $6? So now you've got psychological support and maybe you could have pressed the buy button at like 602 and the first candle make a new high is not till 625. So now you're in this thing, you know, 23 cents lower. And if you're getting in at 602 and your stop is right below psychological support, right? Now you've only got 2 cents stop. So you're getting in without confirmation, but with a starter position of let's say 1/4 or 1/5 of whatever is your full size, even if you do lose 10 cents on it, it's not going to be that bad. So this is what gives me the conviction and the confidence to press the buy button is the fact that I'm doing it with a smaller order. If I was like only trading with blocks of 10,000 shares, I would trade less because I would be nervous. I'd be like, "Uh I don't know if I'm going to punch it for 10,000 right here. I don't have confirmation. It's too risky." And the result is that I would miss a lot of good entries. And so what I decided to do was reduce my share size and start with starter positions. So I take that starter position. So in the case of this drawing here, maybe the starter position is right down here. You know, right in this area is the starter. So let's just say that's 602 and the stop is, you know, $6. So maybe I would I don't get an exit at six, but maybe I get an exit at, you know, five you know, 592 at the worst. So minus 10 cents initial trade. And then we come up here to 625 and I add. So now I double my position. And this is where, you know, the question from Jack is sort sort of what ratio do you use? You know, in terms of position management, you start with 3,000 shares and then you double to 6,000. And then you go to 9,000 or do you start with 3,000 and then go straight to 9,000? You know, or or so so it's like what or do you start with 6,000 and then add 3,000? So these would be three different ways that you could scale into a trade. I don't have a sort of methodology that I use where I'm using it the same time every time. I'm sorry to say cuz I know that might be more helpful. But what I do is I really I base it just on what I'm seeing on the price action, number one. Uh and in terms of the total quantity, I'm basing that on how well I'm doing on the day and how well I'm doing on the week and on the month. If I'm feeling confident, I might take a starter down here with and I usually use 3,000 share blocks. 3 3K is my sort of that's my block that I usually use. So I might punch this, you know, times two and have 6,000 shares right down here. And then this, I might add 3,000. But I could also go ahead and add another 6,000. So I could do either. I could either double it or just increase to 3,000. And then if it comes up here to the high of 650, now up there, I probably wouldn't add another 6,000. Because the problem is that's 50 cents away from my initial entry. Probably wouldn't do that, but I would be willing to add up there. So that may be where I'm adding, you know, just kind of the quarter position. So this might look like, you know, starting with 6,000, doubling to 12,000, and then adding a little bit more, and then selling half. And then selling a quarter or another half of what I'm still holding and then another half and another half. So that might be kind of how my positions look on a more typical basis. Now yes, there are times where I'll really start with a tiny position, but if I'm starting with a tiny position, I'm usually not going to be able to get all the way to my full size. Kind of how much I start with will will dictate how high I'm able to size. So, you know, if this first order here is 3,000 shares, I might be able to get up to, you know, 15 to 20. If this first order is 10,000 shares, I might be able to get up to 40,000. All right, so it really depends on and and whether I'm going to do 3,000 or 10,000 is going to be based on factors such as what are the spreads of the stock, what's the price of the stock, how much am I up on the day, do I already have a profit cushion, you know, is the market really hot? So, there's a lot of things that I factor in there, which I suppose is probably the benefit of being able to listen to me trading in real time because you get to hear that market commentary, that play-by-play, and kind of my real-time assessment of, you know, how I'm looking at things. So, girls got to go out again. This is she's the we this is this is like what my typical day. A lot going inside and outside. So, um now Now, for what it's worth, um there's a lot of different patterns that we can use. So, like this pattern that I was showing you right here, this is a standard uh pullback pattern that I trade all the time. But, that's not by any means the only pattern. There are so many different variations of these patterns, but these are all I would say these are patterns of a momentum day trader. Someone who's trading momentum. We buy high, we sell higher. We're looking for stocks that are moving quickly, right? You know, that's that's what we're looking for. So, if a stock is moving quickly, the first time it starts to pull back, that presents an opportunity to add on the dip for the next leg higher. One of the things that I would also encourage if you're out there and you've been, you know, trading for a while, I I would encourage you to think a little bit just for a moment about um you know, what what are traders maybe like me or or others who are profitable, what exactly are we doing? If you think about that. Because if you were doing everything that I was doing, down to the most minute minute detail, you would presumably be trading very similarly to me. Profits would be similar as well. So, if there's a disconnect, then you're going to see a very different result. So, the question is how what are you doing differently? What are you doing that's different from what I'm doing or someone else? And it's not to say that I'm not trying to give you some um you know, I want to be very careful and very clear to disclaim that trading is risky and my results are not typical. But, I think if just on a very basic level, if you look at someone who's successful and you were doing everything they were doing, you should also find success. And I think what a lot of beginner traders struggle with is without perhaps being totally aware of it, they start doing little things differently. But, all those little things they're doing differently, they add up. And that cumulatively can create a very big disconnect between the result that you see and the result someone else has. So, finding your edge is important. Uh I think one of the edges that I have as a trader is an ability just like we saw with this example um of um this trade from yesterday, an ability to see this type of price action and read the tape and having the hand-eye coordination to respond to it quickly. That may be an aptitude that I naturally, you know, came to this table with. And I'm grateful for that. It doesn't mean you couldn't study and and get better at hand-eye coordination, get better at reading the tape. I think if you wanted to try to trade as aggressively as I do, you would probably want to improve that skill. But, it's just to say that uh I you know, I think that that's an edge that I have, especially in a fast-moving market, being able to read the price action and read the tape. Uh but, these patterns are are also a big uh portion of it. The patterns for me are the basis, and then the level two, that's the precise timing of when to actually press the buy button. So, uh another example here uh could be uh talking about when to add. All right. So, once I have my starter position, I'm closely watching the tape and the level two, time and sales. And and what I want to see as I like to see these sort of squeezes up and then a momentary pause. That momentary pause can be the formation of a micro pullback as you see right here. Pops up, it pulls back just for a second. That's an opportunity to add. It tries to let shorts off the hook and then they're not off the hook and off of off it goes, you know, pulling away. Sometimes they form almost it's almost hard to read. It's just in the bottoming candle, the bottoming tail. But, this is something that we would be able to visualize on the level two. You know, you you notice that in this example, of course, you know, the chart the chart is right there. You can see the chart, but what we're really focusing on is the level two. That's what gets so interesting there. So, the chart is the basis, but then the level two really helps with those precise entries and exits. So, when to keep adding? All right. So, this is this is probably this and the next slide are two pretty valuable ones. So, these are about when to keep adding and when to start selling. If I have just taken a position, now, I'm going to be very closely watching the level two for signs of continued strength. What does continued strength look like? Green on the tape. We want to see more buy orders coming through. This reflects strong buying volume. It reflects the imbalance between supply and demand. There's a lot of demand, there's a lot of green on the tape. What does green on the tape look like? Let's go back to this video right here. Uh the green on the tape is um And we'll just rewind this here just for a second. So, that's green on the tape. Right there is green on the tape. Uh and you know, for what it's worth, I have this ticker tape machine that's from like the 18 I think the 1800 1880s or something, 1890s, maybe 1900. It's a old-fashioned ticker tape machine. Um it would print out every execution that went through the tape. So, tape reading is not new. This is something that traders active traders have been doing for a very long time. Reading the tape, seeing those orders going through. Green on the tape, that's what we like to see. So, uh number two, I like to see the number of shares on the level two decreasing as orders are coming through. In other words, not a hidden seller. So, what we saw at 10:30 or $10, how it went from 31 to 25 to 21 to 14 to 10, you know, it dropped down. That's what we want to see. The price naturally should be moving up and hopefully fairly quickly. The stock should be hitting new highs and it should be on the high day scanner. Being on the high day moment scanner is good. That means other traders are going to notice it. It continuing to hit new highs means it's continuing to put pressure on anyone who's short. So, if I see all of that, green on the tape, number of shares in on level two is decreasing, the price is moving up, the stock is hitting new highs, then I'm going to be watching any of those momentary dips to continue adding. I'm going to continue to average up to continue to scale into the position. At a certain point, obviously, I have to switch from adding to selling. I can't just add indefinitely. I mean, at at a certain point you have to switch. So, when do you switch? When do you know when to start selling? All right. Well, uh when to stop adding. This is going to be very market dependent. In a hot market, we'll see stocks continue to go higher and higher and higher. I mean, it's I I'm not even kidding, you know, look at look at some of the stocks um you know, just as an example from uh from last year that we had. We had, you know, HKD and I'll just um back this out for a second. So, last year we had HKD, a Chinese IPO stock. This thing goes from I don't know, like $14, $15 a share, uh all the way up to $100 a share. That's pretty crazy, right? Went to 200 to 300 to 400 to 500 6 7 8 9 up to 1500 2000. This hit a high of $2,500 a share. I'm not kidding. That's crazy. HUDI, this one made a pretty explosive move as well. Not quite as big. Uh you could see in November there was this move there. That was November. So, you know, in a hot market, you don't want to underestimate how much a stock could go up. I mean, we we could definitely get more than 14 cents a share. Um but, you know, again, having said that, um we also have cold markets where extensions can be a lot smaller. So, if I see a sign of weakness, I can either sell the full position, I could begin scaling out quickly, or I could also sell slowly and wait to see if strength resumes. The decision will be based on my cost basis, my total profit, both realized and unrealized, and market sentiment. If it's a hot market, I'm going to try to hold it as long as I can. If we're in a colder market, I'm going to be a bit more conservative and take the profit off sooner. So, how to scale out of a trade. Well, if I've taken a position and I'm fully scaled in, and then suddenly I don't see any of my signs of strength, that's a a problem. Breakout or bailout would tell me to exit. But, you know, it depends on whether I'm doing a scalp trade or I'm really scaling in for a bigger move. But, even worse than not seeing a sign of strength would be seeing one of the following clear exit indicators. These are clear exit indicators when you're scalp trading, when you're taking trades with 5 cent stop and you're looking for 10 15 cents of profit. If you've had a trade and you're up 50 cents a share, these don't necessarily apply. So, it depends on how uh you know, how up how much you're up versus your cost basis. But, a big seller on the level two right where I got in, that's not great. Now, a big seller on the level two, but I'm already up 50 cents. I can give it a chance to see if it breaks. The obvious appearance of a hidden seller. Well, a hidden seller, regardless of how much I'm up, we just don't know how big that sell is. We don't know how big they are. So, that can be an indicator to start to consider unwinding a position. A large burst of red on the tape indicating a surge of selling and a possible false breakout. You know, where the stock kind of continued and then topping tail and then that quick reversal. What that can do is it can form a really large topping tail on the chart, which creates an ugly chart pattern. A chart pattern that a lot of traders are going to say, "Uh, I don't think I can trust it." And then they're not going to be likely to buy the first pullback. So, that big burst of red that creates a false breakout candle, that could be a problem. Initially, a pop and then dramatic reversal, again, same thing, forming topping tail, false breakout. That's a problem. I don't like entering on a red candle unless that's my starter and I'm buying a dip. So, if I'm in with pretty good size and the candle turns red while I'm in the trade, it's obviously an indicator of weakness. Uh, I should probably get out of the trade. And seeing some signs of weakness or resistance around psychological levels, it shouldn't be too surprising necessarily like what we saw around 10 on that example, but it reiterates why an entry at 9.99 could be a little riskier if you haven't first seen how the stock is testing, you know, the half dollar or the whole dollar. So, it's definitely something to be aware of. Now, I want to talk for a moment about my criteria for being willing to trade a stock. What I would say are probably the four or five, um, criteria that that I use to decide whether or not something has the potential to make a 20, 30, 40 cent move or it's just kind of choppy. Uh, before I do that, let's uh, check out the golden rules of uh, some of our students at Warrior. My golden rules are to keep my red days to a minimum and to keep studying the markets. I really put a really big emphasis on studying the markets every day to stay up-to-date, which in turn helps me keep my red days down to a minimum. My golden rule of trading is more of a mindset and that I have to keep moving on from the loss. Um, so that I can't dwell on it and look in the past. The only way that I can grow as a trader is to look at it and learn from it and move forward. One of my golden rules is good habits will make you much more rich than any single day P&L. Some of my golden rules are first and foremost that excellence is not an action, but a habit. So, therefore, it's not an act, but a something that I do every single day. I also believe that trading is 80% patience and 20% execution. So, 80% of the time I'm sitting on my hands waiting for my setup and then 20% of the time I'm executing and managing that trade. My golden rules would be not to have many rules. I found that often times my rules would really put me in a box in trading and I would be afraid to break these rules, which would also make me afraid to take some trades. All right. So, let me show you on the whiteboard here, um, what I would say are are probably my uh, my top criteria for uh, think considering a stock uh, to be worthy of trading. So, what we're looking for and just to kind of give you some context, I look for stocks that can move 20, 30, 40, 50% or more. One of the things that I have found in my career as a trader and I learned a lot of this the hard way. So, my first few years of trading, a lot of trial and error. I was trade trading a little of this, a little of that. You know, I just I wasn't finding consistency, but I was also trying to figure this out myself. I was kind of reinventing the wheel. I didn't have a mentor or I didn't have someone I was learning from, someone that had a proven strategy I was trying to learn. I was just testing the market. I was trying to trade what was moving and that included trading options, penny stocks, large caps, mid caps, small caps, a little bit of everything. What I ended up discovering was that I had the most consistency on stocks that were lower priced and on stocks that had really high relative volume. And so, I kind of had to ask myself a little bit, what is it that creates high relative volume? What What is relative volume? So, for those that don't know, relative volume is a measurement of today's volume compared to the average volume the stock experiences. And it's usually over a period of either 14 or maybe 30 days. Either is fine, it doesn't really matter. And what I found is that I do much better on stocks that have at least two times higher volume today than average. So, you might ask, well, okay, that's interesting. How and why would a stock have two times higher volume today than on a typical day? Typically, it's the result of breaking news. So, what that breaking news does is it creates demand. It creates interest. And then as the stock starts moving up, it kind of becomes, you know, that the unicorn that everyone's excited about today, everyone's focusing on it. And that there brings in even more volume, creates even more interest and then those are the stocks that can make these really big moves. But, it's not always true. There are times where stocks have news and they don't make big moves. There are times when stocks have news and they drop. So, how do you kind of figure out, you know, which from which? And ultimately, stock selection is an opportunity for you to further reduce your risk as a trader. Because if you're really trading the right stocks each day, you're going to find them to be a lot easier than trading the wrong stocks. So, let's talk a little bit about some of the characteristics of these stocks that make, you know, plus, you know, 20 to 30, you know, percent moves or or even higher. It could even go up as much as 200% or 300%. So, number one, relative volume, I'm just going to say RV, needs to be at least two or higher. So, that means twice the relative volume of a of a typical day. Number two, I would say the stock has to be up at least 10% for me to even consider it. Typically, the process of going from up 0% to up 5, 6, 7, 8, 9%, 10% is what starts to create that early increase in volume that's going to give you a two times relative volume by the time you start taking the trade. Number three, prefer news. Now, a news PR. Now, this isn't a requirement. Sometimes you'll have a stock that has the top 10% with two times relative volume because the sector is strong. And that can still be worth trading, but I do prefer news because this usually gives traders and the big traders, the whales out there, more confidence. And we're little baby fishies, right? So, we're we're just a little baby fish here. Um, that was a that's kind of a bad fish drawing. Anyways, it's a little fishy smiling, but we're just in the kind of wake of these big whales. This is going to be one of these whales here. That's his little tail. All right. There. So, oh, and he's like hungry. He's looking for something. So, we're just little baby fish and we just feed off kind of what the wake of the big whales. So, I'd prefer to see breaking news. Um, number four, I have found that we see the biggest percentage moves on stocks that are between $2 a share and kind of like $10 a share, but up to up to 20 is okay. The problem with trading over 20 is that unfortunately, you start to get big spreads on the level two, which, you know, we could look at this um, example here. The spreads did start to get a little bit bigger um, on this one. Um, where was it? Right down here. So, you start to get these bigger spreads on the level two, you know, 1045 by 1060. That creates more risk. It's a little harder to manage risk. So, you know, that that can be a little bit of a problem. Uh, and then the fifth thing I would say, um, is that So, these are all these all help create demand and or are indicative of demand. So, so let's just say these are four criteria of demand. All right? And now, we needed imbalance between supply and demand. So, supply right here, that is float. Which is the number of shares available to trade. And I find that the stocks that make the biggest moves, especially the ones, like, if we're looking for a 10 to 20% move, uh, a stock with a float probably of, you know, under 50 million shares, 50 million shares or less is fine. If you're thinking something maybe has the potential to go, you know, 200 to 300%, you're probably going to be looking at a float of under 10 million, uh, maybe even a float of under 5 million shares. The lower the float, the higher this can be. I have just found that to be consistent And a number of reasons. I'm not going to get into all of them right now. Uh but you know, there's days where we sit down and we look at the scanners and um you know, my top gap scan uh and let's just see, you know, today for instance Let's back this out. So, today if we look at um the scanners and these are the tools that are available um for members at Warrior Trading. So, the leading gapper was 63% and the float was 7.7 million. BFRG was the second leading gapper at 45% with a float of 1.6 million and you can see that's the stock that I traded and made the most money on. Why did I trade that one instead of SECO? Because of the price. I know I don't do as well under under $2. That's based on a lot of data. Right? So, I've got a lot of data here that says under two, uh not really my strong spot. Between two and 10, great. Between 10 and 20, okay. Above that, you know, profitable but Anyways, this So, this is a lot of data that helps support these decisions. They're not just uh I mean, you know, they're not just willy-nilly. So, anyway, so BFRG, 1.6 million share float. And the stock goes up, you know, went up uh like 55-60% today. And then you have something like CDLX, 23 million share float. We got a move on it. Uh wasn't quite as big uh but you know, we got we did get a move on it. These ones down here with higher floats, 153-500 million, no. You're not going to get much on that. Maybe you'll get 5 or 10%. But, most traders are going to be so focused on these ones up here that these just take a back burner. Now, if one of these was our leading gapper gainer, then you would have probably a lot of people watching it. Uh so, there is something to be said just for uh whatever is the leader tends to uh to often tends to be one of the best. Um it's it's kind of funny the way that is. It's just sort of um Oops, sorry. It's just sort of the the way traders are looking at uh you know, these big momentum stocks. So, now let's talk a bit about the correct exit. The correct exit is almost always going to feel too soon. If you hold too long, you'll look back and say, "I should have sold at this price." But in the moment, if you had sold there, you would have considered the exit to be too soon. So, learning to recognize that the right exit will instinctively feel a little too soon is really important. This is true with winners and it's true with losers. When scalp trading, it's important to trade quickly. I want to enter before it's obvious, right? Cuz otherwise, I'm going to pay that higher price for confirmation. So, taking a starter and then adding before it's super obvious and exiting before it's super obvious. If you wait until it's obvious both in entry and exit, you pay a price of slippage. Cuz that's when everyone's going to be moving in and out. That's when you're going to see these big spikes and drops. So, using the subtle tape reading skills to enter and exit just before breakouts means you're learning to anticipate what a stock is going to do. And this is this is really a spot um where where you can find a lot of success as a trader. But it takes time to get there. There's no question about it. Now, I'll tell you um when it comes to leaving money on the table, as a beginner, you will leave money on the table every single day. Unfortunately, most beginner traders not only leave money on the table, they give back profit. Leaving money on the table is an expression um basically for meaning you you could have made more if you traded longer, so you left some profit there. All you needed to do was pick it up, but you'll you'll left a little too early. You left some profit on the table. Uh but leaving money on the table uh is not as bad as giving back profit. A lot of beginner traders give back profit and they end up red, which is, you know, not great. So, as a beginner trader, the first order of business is focusing on building consistency with one entry, one exit. That's the trading plan that I teach our students in uh chapter 14 of our classes. So, Warrior Pro class, down to chapter 14. This was ranked um most comprehensive course by Investopedia, by the way. So, if you haven't checked that out, it's definitely worth checking out. I'll just put this over here so you can see it. So, this is my um you you can come over here to uh the menu and and check out our classes. We're, you know, constantly adding and updating to them. But, uh chapter 14, Ross's trading plan. So, that trading plan is literally my blueprint for how I trade with small accounts. That is how I do it. Now, you could use that same blueprint for trading with big account, but it is the blueprint for trading whenever I've done small account challenges. So, not only is it like, you know, in theory, it makes a lot of sense. I've actually proven it. I've done it. I've used it. And it's the strategy that I trade every single day, for the most part. The only difference between that trading plan and the way I trade today is that I'm at a level where I trade more than once a day. So, as a beginner trader, you are going to leave money on the table, right? Your goal right now is just try to be consistent, one entry, one exit. Build consistency. Build confidence. With that, you're going to want to start to scale up. That's the right time to do it, when you have some, you know, momentum. Uh you know, but at the same time, I I think that um you have to recognize that FOMO can kick in. When you see a stock make a really big move and you feel like you left money on the table, you can start to get FOMO. You can start to act on those emotions. You can start to overcompensate for missing a trade and that can lead you into a spiral. So, one of the things that's just so important is to remember you are not comparing yourself against anyone except for yourself. Just try to do a little bit better each day. Doesn't matter how much someone else made. Just try to do a little bit better each way. You don't yet have the benefit of educated intuition. I have educated intuition. I've been trading for so long. I I I I know very well when it's time to stop and walk away. But you need to rely on a very strict set of rules that will dictate when to sell and when to walk away each day. And yes, you're going to leave money on the table and yes, you're going to have days where you feel like you walked away too soon, sold too soon. I'm giving you these guardrails and these rules because I want to support you on your journey to trying to be more consistent. And these are rules that rein you in to help focus on consistency. Once you have consistency, you'll have the confidence to start taking the training wheels off. Right? That's natural. But if you're overconfident and you go in too hot, too big, you're going to end up losing and you're not going to be happy. So, let's look um at this live trading archive here and I'm going to put the link um right here in the chat for you guys to check out. So, for those of you guys that um and maybe um I'll put the link in the description. I'll pin it to the comments so you guys can check it out. This is going to be a link um that you guys can download. Let me Uh do do do do do. Um Hey, get I know I have a couple members of my team watching um the chat here. Can one of you guys post the link for me? I just don't have it on my um right in front of me. So, we're going to post the link here for um uh for this for these free resources that we've put together for you. So, uh you're going to get access to my uh live trading case study of OCEA, which we're going to pull up right now. And I'm also going to give you guys access to my technical analysis series. So, I want to show you this case study, but I also don't want to overwhelm you and and go into too much on it. And I I I want to give you the chance to watch it on your own time cuz this has already been a fairly fairly long class. So, why don't we um why don't I show you a couple trades from this and then you guys can download this live trading archive and you can rewatch it as many times as you want. All right? Okay, so let's do that. All right. So, let's see. Um So, we're going to go full screen here. So, on this day, um and let me see if I can find I'm going to look for my first good example. So, so this is this is the first example of scaling in. Right here. Okay, so we're going to back this up. Uh do do do do do do. Do do do do do do do do do. All right. So, to give you to kind of get you oriented, uh we're dealing with a stock here today that's up 44%. As you can see, it's on the top gainer scanner. It's the leading gainer in the entire market. The float is 19 million shares. So, it's a little higher, you know, perhaps, but it's not bad. It's it's still 19 million is fine. And what's most important probably is that it's the leading gainer in the entire market. So, a lot of traders are watching it. It's already squeezed from five up to seven. Had a red candle, dropped down. Now it's coming back up. All right. So, you can see I've already made $800 on at the beginning of this video. And um I'm going to trade and make my way to up over 10,000 as I trade this. It's not through one home run trade. It's in fact through many trades uh that come together. So, right there, I scaled in. You see that? This uh this is a little bit of a the the setup here um it this is a half dollar whole dollar breakout setup. I got in at 85 to anticipate the squeeze through seven. The high of day is seven is just under seven. So, I'm expecting the squeeze right here. So, I bought with two orders of 2,500 shares. I pressed that pretty much at the same time. And now I'm in this looking for the squeeze through $7. So, now this right here is an opportunity. I saw some green and I added at 91. So, I added at 91 right here. Now, my cost basis has moved up. I'm with 6,000 shares and I'm looking for the break through seven. This is a moment where it's pausing a little bit. It's kind of right at break even, but then there's 99 on the ask. There's seven on the ask and there I take some profit off the table. So, I sell half of my order, which leaves me with from 6,000 down to 3,000, and then I press the same button to sell half again. So, I use orders on my keyboard that automatically calculate how many shares I have. So, if I press sell half and I'm holding 10,000, I sell 5,000 shares. If I'm holding 5,000, I press sell half, it sells 2,500 shares. I'm holding 2,500, I press sell half, I sell 1,250, right? So, on and so forth. So, it automatically calculates the shares for me. All I have to do is press the button. And that's really important because it allows me to be quick. On the bid, you'll notice a 17,000 share buyer right here. We've got a buyer on the bid. And it gets sold into, but it doesn't break. And so, I add back. This is one of those times where I'm taking a starter at 705. This is not the place where I would take full size, but it's a nice starter position at 705. Support is right around seven. I sell it at seven for a 5-cent loss. That's okay, it's a starter position. So, we got the break through seven. And what I did down here is I bought 2,000 shares on a dip at 84. So, now I'm in on a dip and looking for the pop back up over seven. And these are the types of trades that I'll take all the time. This is tape reading. Buying a quick dip, taking some profit as it comes back up. Dip and then profit. Dip and then profit. So, let's look at another one here. So, this is looks like um we might have a good one. Okay, so we're going to come back up here, it looks like. And we're going to look for another trade through the high of day. So, right now I'm holding 250 shares at 684. And I'm going to add to the position. I'm looking for the break through the high. Green on the tape is what I'm going to look for. And I'm going to look to add for the break through 710. Added right there at 706 and 710. Now, we have 715. I knew this was anticipating a breakout. I knew if we broke the highs, we would see squeeze. So, now I add No, I take a little profit here at 720, which is about 12 cents of profit. And now we get 730. And I switched and added another thousand shares at 731 and now I'm looking for a squeeze up to 740. So, I can quickly change my bias from wanting to sell to want to add when it squeezes. Right there, I sold half of my position at 735. Now, I'm holding 1,200 shares. I'm up 2,400. You can certainly see how this is a bit more complicated than one entry, one exit. And there's no reason that you couldn't take one entry at 684 and rather than add the way I add, just hold it and then take profit. There are different ways to trade the same stock. So, I added back there at 37 and I took some profit at 40. With 3,000 shares, you know, 3 cents is 90 bucks. 10 cents is 300. All right, so it adds up. For those that um are curious or you know, realize that tape reading is an important component uh on chapter six. This is where I teach tape reading. Chapter six, level two tape reading and we talk about market makers, we talk about tons of tape reading examples. Of course, then we've got gap and go momentum trading, short selling, etc., etc. All right, so let me switch back here. This. So, so right now the price is at 738. Now, it's stalling out a little bit. You can see how I've got a high of about 750, the price is stalling out a little bit. So, we've pulled back and now looks like we're coming back up. Goes up to 750, pulls back again. This is one of those times where we're dealing with a little bit of resistance at the half dollar. So, now let's watch this. So, it looks like it's about to come back up. I'm sitting at 3,000, $300 of profit. There's 45, 745. There's 757, 760. Nice. Now, it's starting to break away. Is it going to hold this level? That's one of the things I'm always asking. Green on the tape. I add. 63 average, now looking for 75. 77, nice. I take a little profit for 10 cents. I sell half. I add back a thousand at 77. Only a thousand shares, no big deal. Let's see if it goes up to 85. Holding at a 67 cost basis. Now, we've got 80 on the ask, so I'm up almost 4,000. Now, let's jump forward a little bit. Sitting at 3,500, gave back a little profit on one of those trades. You see how we have a top and then it pulled back. Looks like sort of a head and shoulders uh pattern forming. A little chop in this area. It's up 54% sitting at 3,600. Up, now at 4,400. I'll find another good trade, though. Here we go. All right, now it's getting exciting. All right, so sitting at 4,400 here and let me back this up. So, I'm starting to scale in. You see I've got 5,000, but let's back this up for a second. All right, so I'm looking at this level right here, 761 approximately. I'm looking for it to break through that level. I see green on the tape. Good. There I add 69. It's pulling away. What I will sometimes do on these types of stocks is every 10 cents or so, I'll I'll keep adding as it's moving higher. So, I add another thousand shares at 75. Now, looking for 85. This is an area where you do have some risk because it could sort of jackknife and drop back down. I have a profit cushion, which is great. There's 80, add another thousand shares. Added another thousand shares, 82. So, see here I start with 2,000, then go four, five, six, seven. Those are five orders right there, scaling up to 7,000 shares. Ideally on something like this, I'm looking for a squeeze through $8. Added another thousand at 84. So, now my average is 75. See how the cost basis has moved up a bit? It is stalling out a little bit right here. So, you're seeing a mix of green and red and some sellers. In that spot there, I added and then I took some profit off the table. I added at 84, I took profit off at 89 and scaled back down. So, I added right there. I was hoping it would squeeze right through eight. Went up to 90, got an exit 89. Okay, now we're back up to eight. I've added 6,000, almost 7,000 shares at 899, 799. There's 808 on the ask. We're straddling the half dollar, whole dollar. This sometimes happens. Up 6,700 now. We're up to 818. And you like I said, there are some traders who would take the approach of just adding uh their position and just holding the whole thing for a big move. The problem is you never know how high these are going to go. That's the problem. Now, we're up to $8.80. Let me back that up. I got a nice trade in there, it looks like. There we go. Okay, so I'm sitting at 6,600 right now. And then I got a nice trade right in this area. Let's back that up. Okay, so it looks like I scaled in. So, I'm at 6,600. And we're dealing with this pattern, which is flat top breakout pattern, right there. So, I'm going to start adding right there, 6,000. This is a time where I start with 6,000 shares. Now, at 7,000, just about. Looking for the break through 750. Now, at 8,000, I took some profit. Sell sold half, so I'm up 7,200. Now, we've got 758. Selling a little bit more at 751. Holding 2,400 shares at an average of 44. Just added 4,000. And looking for the squeeze up to 675, 685. There's 667, taking a little profit, selling half, puts me up 8,000. Still holding 1,600 shares, cost basis is now 850. Put the order at 72, right in here in my order entry window. There's 864. Holding 5,000 shares, I added back. Added another thousand. Looking for 75, didn't get it, sold the whole thing. That was one order. Super smart order. Added back 4,000 shares at 873. Sold half and sold half at 88. Added back 9,000 shares at 87, looking for the squeeze through $9. We're up 88%. This is a bigger position, I'm up 9,000, and the nice thing with this um posi- where I'm at on the day is that I can afford a little bit more risk because I have a profit cushion. So, reducing the risk a little bit and taking a small loss. Now, let's watch for another trade. Added back at 90. Holding 500 shares at 890. Added there at 901, looking for the squeeze over 910. Flat at nine, it's not really pulling away. We've got in this uh live trading archive about 3 minutes to the opening bell. Holding now 5,000 shares. Back to flat. Actively trading this range. This is an area where I'm kind of doing some break-even trades. Ooh, check this out. Okay, so watch this. I just did a 4,000 share dip trade, bought 2,000 shares with two orders, in at 885. This was a another dip on the 1-minute chart, pull back, bought the dip. So, it needed to rest for a moment, and now it's coming back up to the new high. So, let's watch the squeeze and what happens at $9.10. 903 905 913, 924, and I take some profit off the table, and I'm up over 10,000. $10,000 in 1 day. Wow. That's pretty impressive. Now, I've been doing this for a long time. Uh I opened my first account my first uh trading account in 2001 with Ameritrade. Uh I didn't find a lot of success during that period of time, but I did uh um get a taste of the market, and then I came back into the market after uh the Great Recession, and I was looking for kind of some source of income. And I've been trading full-time for more than 10 years. OCEA, you know, this was a a good example of a stock that was strong pre-market, and then at the open sold off. $10,500 here. There's dip opportunities, but this has broken its ascending support trend line, so the risk is higher. Today, we had uh you know, this was an example uh from a few months ago, and again, I I encourage you to download it uh and rewatch it because there's a little bit more here that I didn't cover, and I also skipped over some sections. Um watching those types of um watching those types of episodes, I I really think is super valuable because it really gives you a good sense, a good kind of look into exactly what I'm doing as I'm moving in and out of these trades. Um and you know, there's there's no question that trading carries risk. This isn't something that's risk-free. My results are not typical. Trading is risky. There's no guarantee that you'll find success whether you trade on your own or you learn from me. I certainly think that if you're wanting to learn more about the market, it makes a lot of sense to learn from someone who is proven profitable. And you know, you guys have heard me talk about this quite a bit, but the fact is there's a lot of people out there. There's a lot of impostors out there. There's a lot of people out there who talk a big game, but are not actually profitable. They're They're like They're influencers. They're just trying to make money on the advertising, whether it's YouTube advertising or whatever other platform they're on. And that's their goal is making money on the ads. They don't actually make money trading. So, if you have any curiosity about whether or not I make money trading or how much I make, you know, you're of course welcome to come over to Warrior Trading. You'll see um in the footer on our website my um my performance. You'll also see see over on my biography um you'll see down here a link to my um audited broker statement right here. So, these are the actual This is the actual audit um and I have it right here as well. So, you guys can see. My firm belief, and this was at the end of last year, so I have the um the newest audit that's going to be released soon. I do them annually. So, it's the annual audit of my trading profits. So, I'm over $10 million in in uh net profit, and I started with less than 600 in my account. And this is real money. My firm belief is that the only reason other people aren't putting out something like this for themselves is because they can't. So, if you've been learning from someone, and you're wondering how much they make, and they're not telling you, they're not being transparent, there's probably a reason for it. So, anyways, think carefully about who you're learning from. Make sure you're learn- you're absorbing information from someone who actually puts their money where their mouth is, knows what they're talking about, has some experience. I think that's really important. So, uh I want to thank you guys for tuning in to today's episode. If you want to check out a couple other episodes, uh if you are subscribed to my channel, you can look at um some of our most popular episodes. We have uh timing entries and exits, which was a really popular one that I uploaded. Uh I taught that as a live class just like this one about a year ago. So, check that one out. Um there's um of course, my beginner's guide to day trading which has over 10 million views. There's um how I turned $583 into 335,000 in 1 year. That one's got 2.3 million views. Uh so, anyways, come check out our channel. I think you guys will find um a lot of really great content, and I want to thank you as always for tuning in, for being here. Hopefully, you hit the thumbs up. Hopefully, you're subscribed to the channel, and I'll be trading first thing tomorrow morning as always. So, come on over to Warrior Trading, check out the classes, check out some of the tools that we have available for our students. We've got the scanners, we've got charts, we've got uh of course, the mentoring, we've got the live market commentary, we've got the community. It's a great place to trade, it's a great place to be. So, hope to see you guys over at Warrior Trading, and thanks again for tuning in to today's class.