Title: Did we just have a 600% Short Squeeze??? YUP!!!
Views: 33747
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=EbsPz8WfNAY
======================================================================

What's up everyone? All right, so in today's episode, I'm going to break down my trades from the morning. I'm sitting here in the green with 100% accuracy today. I can feel good about that. After the red day on Friday, I really came in today wanting to focus on quality over quantity. And I kind of felt like Friday, you know, with that one higher price stock, I had deviated a little bit outside the core of my five pillars of stock selection. Now, as we saw, the stock did end up going to over $100 a share. So, I mean, I certainly had the right idea, but nonetheless, I didn't profit from it. Where I got in, it rejected pretty violently. I took the loss on it and finished the day Friday down about $5,000. So, the goal here today was to build my cushion, get in, get green, and then if I had a cushion, then I could take some risk. I never was able to really build the cushion. So, I got a couple trades and then we kind of ran out of opportunities. And actually what I ended up doing was switching gears and teaching classes for our Warrior Pro members starting at about 10:00 a.m. and then I just finished um about an hour ago at 5:00. So had about seven hours of class today teaching the momentum day trading strategies that I p personally rely on every single day. Now while I was teaching class, we had this big stock EVTV that ended up squeezing up over 600%. This is incredible, but it's only $3.20. 20 cents a share. How's it up this much percentage-wise? Well, obviously it started really cheap, under 50 cents a share. So, you know, this is one of those stocks that I sort of rode off because it was too cheap. And although it did start to open up a little bit more later in the trading session and and then into after hours, it was very thickly traded. And in fact, it has over 750 million shares of volume today. Wow, that's a lot of volume. So, the one downside is that I'm afraid this is going to create FOMO for traders looking to jump in the next penny stock. I mean, this is what YOLO traders love. A stock they can go all in on at 50 cents a share and it goes up to three bucks. That's not how I trade. I am not trying to hit, you know, like get a lottery ticket. I'm trying to get in, get out, very precise, relatively short trades. But this is the type of stock where you could buy it, you could walk away, you could go to a regular job, you come back, and all of a sudden you're up 600%. So the problem this morning was that we had a couple other stocks that were cheaper, like this one. This one was the one that moved the most. And I felt like that had created some dispersed attention in the market. So, when I first sat down this morning, um, early pre-market, if we go all the way back on our, uh, high day momentum scanners to 4:00 a.m., we had a couple stocks that had popped up. Um, continued higher up to $140 a share. This is the one that I traded on Friday, and I I managed to lose on it. Had the right idea that it had wildcard potential. It did. Uh, but, you know, timing is important. I didn't time it right, so took a loss on that. BDSX starts to pop up at around 6:00 a.m. It pulls back, then it rallies back up, then it drops, then it rallies back up, then it drops. It was very choppy and it was also easy to borrow, which is a little unusual uh for a stock with that low float at least. Uh NCEL, this one popped up, did a round trip, basically pops up and immediately reverses right there. That was no good. VR, GNPX, a few others popped up. Um, OM was the first one that I traded and I was really kind of iffy on it. I was like, I don't know if this is really going to work super well. Um, but I finally did break the ice on it. So, if we pull up the one minute chart here, um, I'll I'll make this full screen so you can see it a little bit better. Okay, so on this one, um, we initially pop up here and then pull back. Then we kind of pop back up, dip down, pop back up, dip down, pop back up, dip down. And then right here, it squeezes up as you can see here to about 650. And I bought this micro pullback right there. That was my one trade on this one. I got in right there. It goes up to about 680. I was hoping it would go up to seven bucks. It didn't. Anyways, still a nice trade there. Made $910.11. That's my P&L today. It's not very impressive. I'm up 1,600 bucks. Well, that's a third of what I lost on Friday and a third of my cold market daily goal, which is $5,000, but it's green and I'm grateful for that. So, that was my first trade on um OMN or sorry, OM uh and then I also got a little dip trade on it. It sold off. I got a little dip getting in at 657 and getting back out at about 675 or 667, sorry. Uh, so then we had SOGP that popped up and this one initially I was like could be risky. I'm not sure if it's worth it. Um, it popped up, it then drops down, then it curls back up and I got in right here as it squeezes up. It ends up going all the way to $20 a share. Uh, which is good. And so I made 630 $690.37 on it. Um, the thing is I got in a little high at 19 and although it went to 20, um, it dipped for a second before it went up to 20 and I was almost taking a goodiz loss on it and I was like that was not a good idea. This is a higher price stock, light volume, you know, the headline, a letter to shareholders. These don't usually work super well. And I think the reason I jumped in it was a little bit of just a little bit of anxiety about the fact that it was like 9:00 am and I'd only taken two trades so far. You know, I was just like, I feel like I need to I don't know, get some more trades on the day. And um so I don't know. This popped up here. I ended up punching it right about here. It dips down, then it rips back up and I got out for a small profit. But you know, that that could have been a loss. and he's I mean I was unrealized red and it almost was a loss. So that was a close call. It ended up coming back up a little bit. And then you know some other stocks hit the scans as the day went on but uh for the most part the attention was really centered around um BDSX which again being easy to borrow I decided to leave that alone. This had total volume today of about 75 million shares 200 EMA right at 10 resistance off that level. So you can see that classic um resistance point right there. Uh and then so that got quite a bit of attention and then we had obviously um what what is it um EVTV that got a lot of attention as this one kept moving higher. So you know look all well that ends well. I managed to avoid um a big a big loss and after that close call I was like you know what don't overstay your welcome. It is not worth it. Uh, and it's just, I think, if anything, a little discouraging because, you know, we all sit down, we get up early, you know, you go to bed early, we get up early, we sit down, we're looking for something to trade, we want to get a couple nice trades each day, and when, you know, you sit down for two and a half, three hours, and nothing pops up that looks good, you just feel like, man, you know, I feel like I wasted my my morning. But the fact is, you know, there's no way of knowing that today is going to be a huge green day or it's going to be a red day, you know, the day before. You know, there's I suppose we could argue that right now the market's a little cooler, so it's not as likely to be like a six figure green day. But at the same time, I wouldn't count that out entirely because it just takes one stock. One stock like this can go up 600%. My main problem was that this started too cheap and then I got into teaching classes all day and you know I this move just happened without me. But but even still um you know a 600% move on a stock that starts at $5 a share is when things get really for me pretty exciting because you're talking about a stock going up 20 or $30 a share, you know, going from 5 to 10 to 15, 20 to 30. That's when I can make some really big money. Um, so yeah, I don't know. Today was just kind of a miss. A little bit of a bummer for the start to the week, but the name of the game right now is keeping risk in check. I am still paying attention to stocks that are hitting the scanners. I'm definitely still looking for reverse split setups. We know that reverse splits have been giving some good opportunities. Um, LVLU, this one lighter volume, but a nice move from 6 to 16. So that was regular trading hours. at N after hours move from a dollar to $2. So nice 100% squeeze. That's good, but not the right price range for me really. So unfortunately tomorrow we may see attention continue to be on lower price names. Um and that's going to require me to be even more patient. So uh it might be a little bit of a struggle here for the next couple days with traders looking for the next penny stock that'll go up five or six hundred percent. And I know I don't trade well in that price range. So, I'm going to have to be patient and um you know, try to just kind of sit on my hands and not let myself trade out of boredom or desperation. Wait for the good trades to come to me. And you know, as I was going over the live trading archives in class today, you know, some of these uh archives are just unbelievable. I mean, we've got some of these stocks that uh, you know, we're looking at that are going up uh, you know, 200, 300, 400% and they're in the five, six, 7,8 price range. And I'm jumping in and out with 15, 20, 30,000 shares and I'm up 75, 80,000, 90,000. It's just amazing. Uh, and that market was so so strong. And this market is not as strong as that. And so, okay, that's reality right now. But it doesn't make sense to push really hard when it's cold. Um, instead in at least in my opinion, I think it makes sense just take my foot off the gas, wait it out, and you know, look, when things heat back up, by all means, I'm going to put the pedal to the metal. But right now, I'm just going to go easy, chip away. Small green days, small red days, you know, no big deal. just slowly kind of grow the account and kind of kind of put it on a little bit of autopilot. You know, this just isn't the time to dig deep and try to do anything crazy because we're I'm not going to get rewarded for it right now. So, I still have to show up every day, but uh just keeping the risk in check and try to remind myself not to get FOMO, not to get too stressed out. The market is cyclical right now. It's a little colder for my strategy, but it was crazy hot for a number of the months of last year, the majority of last year. And we will have crazy hot months again this year. But, uh, what I have to be careful of is to not dig the hole while it's cold so that when it's hot, I'm just recouping losses. Instead, I'd rather have my equity curve look a little bit more, let's see, like this. So, big rally up, sideways, small gains. Big rally up, sideways, small gains. Now, I'm still showing up every single day, but this is making like $4 million. And then from here to here might be making, you know, $400 grand. So, it's still progress, but it's just slower. And then all of a sudden, things pick up and there's another three or four million. This is if you look back at my equity curve um for the last 10 years, this is that's what it looks like. 2016 through 2019, 2020, and then sideways um from 22, let's see, end of 22 through 23. So 22 and 23 were kind of like sideways years. And then, you know, I was still making decent money, but then another 6 million um in 2025 and 2 million in 2024. So, you know, another 8 million up. So, it's like this was like 10 million up. This here was a long stretch of just grinding grinding. So, I think this is what it's like for a lot of traders. Um this, by the way, was the watch list that I posted from yesterday. Um, we'll still keep an eye on those stocks, but yeah, I think if you can just avoid this type of stuff where you're having big draw downs, that's where you're in really good shape. So small green like this. That's so much better. Cuz yes, even during these periods, you're still feeling a little bit of frustration and disappointment, but it's a whole lot better than, you know, going like this and then, you know, when you have these rallies, you know, the first half of it is just making back the losses from being too aggressive when the market was cold. So these are choices. Which equity curve you want? I'd rather have this equity curve, but it also means that I've got to put it on autopilot when it's colder and not try to be a hero. So, you know, $1,600 green days, I know they're not super exciting, but this is uh this is about being disciplined, taking the profit, being grateful for it, and living to trade another day. So, I'll be back at it live streaming tomorrow morning at 7 a.m. And a reminder, uh especially for those of you guys tuning in on YouTube, perhaps for the first time, trading is risky. My results aren't typical. So, please manage your risk and always practice in a simulator before putting real money on the line. All right, I'll see you guys first thing tomorrow morning.