Title: +$44,729.39 in 3hrs of Day Trading Breaking News
Views: 39170
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=KlIE5mjS2dM
======================================================================

What's up, everyone? All right, so in today's episode, I'm going to break down my trades from the morning. Two stocks I traded, CUPR and JRSH. Trading on my traveling trading station here. Had a little hiccups this morning kind of getting set up. You know, the layout of my screens is a little bit different than what I'm used to, and my computer decided to do a um, you know, Windows update at like 6:57. It's like right before the top of the hour when I'm trying to, you know, trade. Which was annoying. So, regardless of that, um, I was able to get through that, and as we came into 7:00 a.m. The leading gapper was CAST, and I was a little bit confused about this because it's a stock with no news. Okay. Um, we've been seeing other stocks with no news move up, so that's not unusual. But, number two, it's a US company. So, a Chinese stock with no news, that's what we've been seeing last week. A US stock with no news? See, that didn't really line up to me. I didn't really understand that. And I looked at the level two at on it. I was kind of watching the price action. And I drew this line at about $9.32 approximately. And that was the high of this candle here. Um, so I thought to myself, if it can get over that level, then I'm interested in a retest of the high back here, which was around 7:50. But, it was not able to get over that level in this area here. So, I was watching it curl up. I wasn't confident enough to buy the dip down here. So, I was like, "No, I'm not going to get into that." But, you know, if it can if it can break through 6:32 and hold, then maybe you've got something to work with. So, that was my approach on it. Didn't end up giving me a setup. There was no trade. Um, then we had JRSH that popped up on the scanner. And this one, um, similarly is a US company. And so, I thought, "Okay, maybe momentum is shifting here. It's a US company and it has earnings report." And so, I'm like, here we go. We've got a catalyst. It's a decent catalyst. This usually I mean, earnings are not always the best for small caps cuz a lot of small cap companies aren't incredibly profitable. Otherwise, if you know, if they were, then they would get more investment. They wouldn't be small cap companies anymore. But nonetheless, earnings can be a an opportunity and that it is certainly a news headline. And so, when this one popped up, initially I was a little bit unsure if it would work because it's a US company and earnings are kind of hit and miss. But, when it pulled back right here, I jumped in on this pullback. So, I punched it right there. First 1-minute candle make a new high. As it squeezes up, I'm adding into that breakout and I go right away to a full-size position. I'm in full-size of this thing and it pops up right here to a high of 930. And I was up over a dollar a share from my initial entry, even though I had added. So, I tried to take a little profit off the table. I put my order to sell on the ask. I didn't really fill very fill very many shares. Then, I try to sell some on the bid. I got a few filled, but it starts to give me slippage going back down. So, one of the problems with putting out big orders is that the algorithms in the market can see your orders. So, on a buy order, often you won't get the whole order filled because the algorithm cuts in front of you and pulls the shares away that are for sale. The same thing happens when you go to sell. You sell using a marketable order and you get slippage going down. So, I got some slippage going in. I try to get out. I don't really get any profit. But then, I'm also thinking this thing is up quite a lot. So, I decide to add even more. So, I add more to the position here for the break of 930. We squeeze up to 10 and I'm like, "Okay, here we go. Are we going to break 10? We don't break 10. We hit 996, resistance at the whole dollar. And so then as we failed to break 10, I'm like, I need to take some profit off the table. But in the next candle, we flush all the way back down to $8. And so all of that profit that I had unrealized, it all comes back down. And although I did walk away with $21,000 here as you could see, the this had I mean I was up unrealized so much more than that. This had the potential to be a really great trade, and it just didn't happen. In part because I had a hard time selling, in part because the stock, well, didn't continue going higher. I mean, if it kept going higher, I would have been able to slowly unwind the position, but it just didn't. So that was really that was kind of discouraging. We end up breaking below VWAP, coming back down, and getting this sort of head and shoulders pattern. So at that point, even though as you could see here, there's profit, I I couldn't help but feel like the cup was um half empty. You know, I had this huge unrealized profit, great start to the week, and I you know, it sort of fumbled and fell apart. And it's like, oh, I coulda woulda shoulda. I shouldn't have added, I shoulda just, you know, unwound more of the position instead of make the position bigger, you know, whatever. And so I was kind of beating myself up there a little bit. So I was not happy with how that trade went. That's JRSH. So then I'm sitting here, and that trade was at 8:00 a.m. So there were no or 8:25 actually. So there were no trades for the first 90 minutes sitting down, and I actually thought today was going to be a no trade day. And then I have this trade, but I I fumble it. So then I'm feeling a little frustrated. So then I'm sitting tight here, and I'm thinking, all right, well, I don't know if we're going to get anything else. Um UBXG, this one's popping up right now. Had talked about this one on Friday as possible retest of the um highs from Friday. So, it's doing that right now, but in any case, pre-market, there was nothing to trade on that one. So, you know, UBXG, that one's no good. Then we had a By the way, I'm on my laptop here, so I'm uh kind of maxing out um I'm going to close a couple windows. Screen recording plus all these browser tabs open is more than the computer wants to do right now, it seems. Um Okay, so sorry if we got a little hiccup there. Um Anyway, so yeah, so you be There were a couple other stocks that pop up. And then um we have CUPR that pops up. Um 9:00 a.m. News at the top of the hour. And you know, I sort of initially was like, well, I made like 26,000 on CUPR on Friday. We had this pretty big move from two up to eight. And then we pulled back. So, initially when it first pop starts popping up, I didn't see the news, and I just thought, oh, this is probably just a dead cat bounce off the low. But granted, Friday's high was 80 823, so that's a level to watch. Well, then I see that there's actually fresh news on it. So, at that point, I'm like, okay, well, we then actually have something to work with. And so, I started buying the pullbacks. Pullback, pullback, pullback. Pullback. Not all of them worked, but most of them worked pretty well. Um and my last trade was this squeeze into the open into this halt up. Uh we resumed, halted up a second time, then halted down, now we're halted back up. And as we're halted up right now, it's showing a resumption of 1370 versus the 1330 last price. So, that's certainly good to see. It looks like it's a 10-minute long halt cuz the last print was at 9:50 and 40 seconds, and it's still uh halted right now. So, I'm glad to see this one moving higher. Um I I was able to get in the zone with it pretty well. You know, it became a little more expensive um as it moved higher. I didn't feel as comfortable going with full size on it because it did still feel a little bit like continuation. I was worried about that resistance up around 823. So, we got to that level right around here, sort of 850 that resistance. Then we had the 200 moving average up around 11. So, we had another level of resistance right up here. And so, you know, so these kind of levels were throwing me off a little bit and I just wasn't sure if we were going to be able to break through them. Uh, but it it was. But it is on also lighter volume, certainly considerably lighter than yesterday or Friday. So, all in all, you know, the Roth IRA here up $44,729.39. Making really good progress. Began the year with $96,000 in the account. So, $96,000 at the beginning of the year and I came in today with a balance of 1.4 million. So, the account's up 14x this year. It's June 15th right now. So, making great progress and it seems as though June is going to be the best month of the year. Um, certainly if this type of momentum keeps up. I mean, I'm already up at this point uh well, we checked in on Friday. I can't remember around the recap. I think I was around 350,000 on the month uh coming into today. So, it's going to put me close to 400, something like that on the month. Um, and so, I'm I'm feeling grateful. I wasn't expecting necessarily this level of momentum, but we're getting some great action. So, you know, I'm going to try to strike while the iron's hot. I'm going to try to be aggressive. But as I mentioned last week, I've gotten on the wrong side of a few of these trades in the past week. I had a I've had a few really big losses, bigger losses than I've had in, you know, probably 6 plus months of trading when it was the market was colder. Because number one, I'm taking bigger share size. So yes, when the when it works, I have bigger wins. But because these stocks are also very volatile, bigger share size when it doesn't work can be pretty intense. So suddenly you can be down a dollar, $2, $3 a share on 10,000 shares, 20,000, 50,000, right? All of a sudden, you know, you could be looking at uh easily a six-figure losses. It was trading with big size. So while this is a time that I am excited and I'm trying to capitalize as much as I can, I also have to keep my presence of mind as I've already seen, you know, this week and last week, uh this week on JRSH, last week on a couple other names, that big size is a double-edged sword. Uh it can it can you know, you can get some really nice wins, but if you get on the wrong side of a trade, um it can be pretty it can be pretty bad. So, you know, as a beginner, I know it's easy to get excited, but it's not a bad idea just to reduce the share size a little bit right now. Just keep things dialed in. Because you know what? The you 6 months from now will be better equipped to handle big share size than the you of today. If you keep showing up, you know, as much as you you can, you keep gaining experience, your educated intuition will get sharper. You'll get better at knowing when to cut trades, you'll get better better at knowing when to add to positions. And so you'll be better equipped to trade big size later. And you'll be a more efficient trader. When I say more efficient, I mean you're able to be more profitable with the same share size. So, I am quite profitable with small size and I can be quite profitable with big size. There's other traders out there that might take a 10,000 share position, but they're not as profitable because they're not as efficient. So, here you see that resumption. New halt levels 1540, but see how it's swinging around here. 1260 is a halt down. You've got this big kind of red candle forming. So, this is where we're seeing this swing of emotions. It swings to the upside, back to the downside. All of a sudden you're panicking that you could get caught in a halt going down and so you market exit. The algorithm cuts in front of you, you get slippage. Then someone else market orders to get back in or to go long and you just get the swing up. So, you know, big volatility, big swings. CUPR, by the way, is a Singapore company. It's not a US company, but it's also not a Chinese company. So, a kind of you know, I'm curious if we have a little transition here away from just, you know, Chinese momentum. If we end up getting more moves in other sectors and or you know, from other locations and it seems like maybe that's starting to happen, but um we'll we'll have to see. So, anyways, this is where I sit here today. Not the easiest day. I feel like I kind of took a little ride on the roller coaster, but you know, I as you can see here, 44,000. Got myself in a good spot. Now, the small account, I didn't take any trades in that account today. These setups I I wasn't quite sure about them and so I didn't get any trades in the small account today. So, we'll have to keep that one on the back burner until tomorrow. All right, so that's it for me. Reminder, as always, trading is risky. My results aren't typical, so please manage your risk by practicing in a simulator before you ever put real money on the line and I'll see you back here streaming tomorrow morning at 7:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time.