Title: Breaking News Sends Stock Up 80% in 2hrs
Views: 27686
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=NSIVY9rExmM
======================================================================

What's up everyone? All right, well, it is Monday morning and I'm starting the week in the green up $7,605.14. Not bad. $7,600, that's a solid green day to start the week. Daily goal in the cold market, $5,000 a day. So, this has me a little ahead of my cold market daily goal. Hot market daily goal is 20 grand. That's right, four times the cold market daily goal and I'm nowhere near that level today, but that's not surprising. We're not in a hot market right now. We're in a colder market. So, chipping away at these $5,000 days, maybe 7,600 like today, that's great. That still has me on track. $5,000 a day is a million dollars a year. That is a really solid year. Now, I'm already up in a pretty good shape on the year. We'll we'll take a look at the metrics in just a moment. But, before we do that, let's go ahead and dive into today's big move. So, today, like many other days in the past week or 2 weeks, it's been one stock. Just one good setup, one good stock and then I've taken a number of trades on it. So, let's see. Let me jump on to the screen share and we're going to start breaking down these trades from this morning. U Grow is the stock that I traded. You can see right now we have a flat top up around 7:34. Sorry sorry, 4:34. $4.34 right up in this area. Um so, it tapped that level, tapped that level, pulled back, and then tapped it a a third time right here. So, we do have a bit of a flat top right now, but I began trading it earlier this morning and you can see my P&L right here. Okay, so, on this one, we had breaking news that came out a little after 7:00 a.m. So, I'm going to pull up the 10-second chart here. We'll go back to the beginning of this move and we'll get dialed in. All right, So, initially you grow pops up here at about 7:05 and squeeze from 2:30 up to a high of 3:10. It's a little cheap. I didn't even really notice it then. It dips down, it pops back up, it dips down, it pops back up. In fact, I didn't even take my first trade on it until 10:00 past which was right in Let's see. My first trade on it Let's get this dialed in. Back this up. So, my first trade on this one was a 15,000 share position for the break back through three as it curled up right here. So, we'd had this initial pop, the pullback, the pop up, dips down, and then it curls back up right here, and I got in for that break of three thinking we could get a retest of 3:05, maybe 3:15, 3:20. It squeezes up there to a high of 3:10, and then it drops back down to 2:90. On that first trade, only made 500 bucks. That's not that great for a 15,000 share position. I didn't even get 5 cents a share. So, small winner, it dips down, it goes back up, and I added back right here as I thought it was going to pull away, and then it drops, and I lost $1,700. Well, actually, I lost 2,300 because I went from green on the stock to red 1,700. So, then it drops down here, and then I got back in right down here for a bounce off three. So, I added back for the bounce off of three right here, and we got that squeeze back up to 3:15, little pullback, and then a push up to 3:35. Dips down, pops back up, dips down, pulls back, comes back up here, I tried to get back in for the break through this level. That didn't work. So, my first few trades on it, I had a winner, then I had a loser, and then I had a winner. Got back to flat on the day. Then I had a break even trade. Uh so, I got nothing on that. I think I had another break even trade right around there. So, I took a number of trades and was down a total of $11 on the day. I was like, "Man, this is just not happening. It's kind of frustrating." So, I took a little break. I said, "All right, you know what? I'm not going to take any more trades. I'm going to wait to see if anything comes out with news at the bottom of the hour 7:30." Nothing else came out with news. All right. But then this stock suddenly rallies back up right here, and I got in right here for the squeeze through the high. We end up hitting a high of 45. We didn't break through a new high of day. Bummer. Still a small base hit. Then it pulls back. And right here, I get back in, and we get this squeeze. There we go, up to 370. That's a little bit better. Note the 347 level. Okay. So, what happened here was resistance. And then it finally breaks above it, retests it, and then pulls away. Then it comes back down, and I buy the dip off 347. It bounces back up right here to about 360. So, this was previous resistance. I'm expecting now it'll be support. It is support. Comes back down yet again, and I did another dip off that level. And this time it goes up to 380, which was nice. Little micro pullback right in this area. Bounces back up. Then it comes all the way back down here. And then suddenly rallies back up. And on this one, I just got in at 385 to anticipate the high of day break. And that went from 385 up to about 418. That was a nice trade. Then it dips down, pops back up, dips down. I got back in right there. Another nice little trade. Dips down. Doesn't rally back up. Comes back up to a double top. Isn't able to break through 435. Then it pulls back again. And then it's come back up, as you could see, to that same level, but it can't seem to break through. So, in total, I took a number of trades on this. In fact, I have 81 tickets. So, 81 times I either pressed the buy or sell button on this stock today. Got in, got out, got in, got out, adding, adding, adding, scaling out, da da da da. So, I was pretty actively trading it, and one of the things I had mentioned today, uh someone was asking me, they said, "Ross, if I'm in the um the the beta phase of the trading plan that that I uh provide for you guys as part of your Warrior Pro membership, typically, you're focusing on one setup. And the challenge with that is in a colder market, let's say your your one setup is the first pullback setup. Well, in a colder market, was there a really clean first pullback setup on UGRO? And I don't know, there are a couple, but they weren't super clean. I did well on it because uh my you know, where I'm at now, I have dozens of different setups I'm willing to trade. So, once I had a stock that I was dialed in on, I was willing to apply any of the setups that I'm familiar with to it. But when you're sort of a beginner and you're focusing on just mastering one setup, you definitely have to be more patient because, you know, there might have only this one might not have given you that first pullback just for instance. It gave you other setups, but not that one. So, that definitely is a challenge, and it's um made worse by a colder market. Even in a hot market, it's a challenge because you're limiting yourself to only taking uh you know, one setup. So, ideally, you get to the point where you can branch out a little bit more. The challenge with doing that too soon is until you've mastered one setup, you may not be even keeping your head above water trading with real money. Right? So, that's where you've got to do a combination of there's one setup you might feel comfortable with for real money, and the rest of them you're doing in the sim. So, you might have your real money platform and your sim up at the same time, and you're kind of going back and forth based on you know, sort of how you feel at any given moment. This is a setup I could take in real money, this is one that's just for the sim. And then you know, the better you get at the sim, the more you start to transition those into you know, sort of live real money production environment type of thing. So, you grow in total is still holding up pretty well. It's up 88% and is our leading gainer in the market with 62 million shares of volume breaking news. Also um a very low float, right? So, super low float and very high rate of relative volume. But, we do have another one creeping up the scanner and that is AHMA. Isn't this one interesting? So, AHMA out of nowhere, no news, goes from 450 to 55650, pulls back and then at the open goes up to $8 a share. Then it halts going down, it bottoms out a little below six below VWAP, and now is halted going back up. And as of right now, even though it halted um well, I guess it broke over VWAP. It is showing a 720 resumption. So, the time of the last print was 9:48 and 38 seconds 37 seconds, and the current time is 9:51. So, we still have a couple minutes to resumption. We'll see how that resumption see how that change the price can change. So, on ultimately it's still subject to the imbalance which is created with buyers and sellers putting out orders while the stock is halted. In any case, I didn't trade this for two reasons. Number one, it began moving I felt a little too close to the opening bell. Today was also a day where I did take a lot of trades and so my commissions will be higher. And I felt like you know, if I lose here, and I mean not to say I have to take a lot of risk, but if I if I took a big loss, I I you know, I commissions don't start going down if you start losing money. They just keep going up the more you trade, right? So, that's kind of the challenge that we run into if we're trading really actively is that we know, you know, we're incurring commissions as we go. So, I thought, you know, if I take a loss now with the commissions factored in, it's going to really not be good. So, maybe I just better not. And yeah, it was 9:15. It was getting close to the open. I didn't see news on it. Um so, I I left it alone. Um but nonetheless, it did pop up here, and then at the open squeezed up. It actually halted once at the open, and then provided a momentary dip and rip on the resumption for a squeeze up to eight. Wasn't able to break eight, then halted down. And so, the fact that it's bouncing back up here is interesting. But you could see like this has such a big range. Um it's it's hard to get dialed in when you have a stock that has this much range. I would say it needs to get over like the 50% line, but it retraced way too much. Okay, so there's the resumption. And it's still below seven right there. So, now there's coming back up over seven. Um you know, but I just I don't know. I I just find that um that that all to be fairly um fairly difficult to manage risk on. So, you know, it's a good start to the week. I'm just focusing on locking up green days, not overstaying my welcome. Now, if we look at where I sit on the month, um you will see that I am certainly shy of my um goal. So, right now, I'm sitting at about $643,000 on the year. Um and I started the year with $100,000 in my account. So, that's good. So, my account's now at about $743,000. Um Um, it's up, you know, 7x, 7 and 1/2 times since January, which is great uh return. But, um, you know, the this is where I'm at right now. So, definitely tracking to be well over a million dollars this year with the average daily gain of 15,000 a day. But, if we look at the average daily gain just over the last 30 days, well, it's back down around 7,000, right? So, just the last 30 days haven't really contributed a lot in terms of gain. So, things have definitely slowed down a little bit, uh which is uh you know, not not ideal, but um it is Look, it is what it is. I mean, there's nothing you can do about it. So, uh you know, you can either be aggressive when the market's uh cold and lose money, or you can, you know, get on the sidelines and slow down and pump the brakes, and that's exactly what I've done. So, I try to find each day what I think is the most obvious stock, and I did that today. I think I did a good job of it. I was trading UGRO when it was still down around, you know, $3 a share for the first entry, and it's currently up 83%. So, I think we did a good job uh getting focused on the right stock, AHMA. Yeah, maybe I could have made a little bit on it, but um in a hotter market, I'm sure I would have jumped right in this. But, in this market, just being a little bit more cautious, not wanting to ruin a decent uh day with, you know, only a few minutes left in the window when I typically make the most money. So, reminder for those of you guys tuning in, if you haven't already checked out our two-week trial, link is posted in the description, and I'll pin it to the top of the comments. So, you guys are welcome to join us. We'd love to have you. I'm streaming every day. I start at 7:00 a.m. When I finish streaming, we've got um one of our badge holders who comes on and gives some uh market commentary after me. I do my recap here. We've also got mentor sessions, and uh after I finish this recap, we're going to jump into the live archives, which is where we analyze my trades uh from this morning, and we do that using software where you can actually see my eye movements. So, this is kind of cool. This has eye tracking software so you can see as my eye is moving around the screen and this capture this was capturing my eye movements in real time as I was trading. So, make sure you guys check out the two-week trial so you can benefit from all of that and I'll see you as always back at it first thing tomorrow morning. Reminder trading is risky. My results aren't typical so manage your risk, take it slow and I'll see you tomorrow at 7:00 a.m.