Title: +600% on Biotech with BREAKING NEWS
Views: 30781
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=pyDzzEq8tSU
======================================================================

What's up everyone? All right, so this is going to be a special episode because right now we have a stock up over 500% on the day. In fact, it's creeping up to about 600% on the day as we speak. Now, I've decided to stop trading it. I've done really well on it, and I feel like I'm getting to a point in the day where my downside risk on each trade is actually greater than my upside potential. I'm going to break down exactly what I mean by that as we go through today's episode. But right now, we've got a stock up over 500% on the day. And I would wager I'm probably one of the first traders in the market that saw this stock when it began to move. Why is that? Because of the scanners that I'm using. I'm scanning in real time all day long for stocks that are beginning to move quickly. So, a rapid rate of change this morning on this stock prompted me to pull up the ticker to look and to check the news. And what I saw in that moment was that news had just come out. Now, this is a biotech stock. So, it had breaking news. The news was obviously being received well by other participants in the market and that prompted me then to jump in the trade. So, my first order of business is to evaluate a stock that hits the scanners based on my five pillars of stock selection. I'll put a link in the description where you can download a PDF that documents these five pillars and you can use them in your own trading. So, just because a stock meets all five pillars of stock selection doesn't mean I'm going to buy it. That's just the characteristics of the stock. Once a stock meets those five pillars of stock selection, I then have to break down the intraday chart and look at the candlesticks and try to see whether or not there's a pattern that I can understand. A pattern that'll give me a lowrisk entry where I've got low risk and a lot of upside potential. And then once I see that pattern, I've got to actually pull up the level two and decide whether or not I see enough buyers on the bid and making sure there aren't too many sellers on the ask that are going to prevent the stock from moving higher. So, these are sort of the three steps I take before initiating a trade. But those can all take place within a matter of seconds. I can do it so quickly because I've been trading for so long. And that's the benefit of the educated intuition that I have and that I've accumulated over my career. So, if we pull up the charts right now, um you're going to see that our leading gainer on the day in the entire market is INKT. It's currently up 578%. It's pulled back uh just a little bit in the last um you know minute or so uh from its peak of about 600% on the day. So, this is a stock that has a float of about 4 million shares. So when it did its IPO and then after subsequent offerings and reverse splits, the total number of shares available if you wanted to buy all the shares out there is only 4 million. So what's interesting is that this currently has 16 million shares of volume. So that means all of the shares outstanding have in essence traded hands by a ratio of four four times today. And that's because of this news headline. that's created such a surge in demand. So when you have that kind of surge in demand, that's when you get that rapid increase in price. Okay, so let's break down how this all played out. So how did I know at the beginning of the day that this stock had the potential to go up a lot? Now, I'll tell you, I didn't know that it was going to go up 500%. If I had known that, I wouldn't have sold uh from my very first entry as quickly as I did. But I knew that had that it had the potential at least to put in a decent move based on the fact that when I first pulled up the stock, it had already squeezed pretty quickly. So this is where I took my first trade right here. The stock immediately pops up at 7:30 on breaking news. So the news headline, the way this all played out is the stock hits my scanners. So this high day momentum scanner here gives me an audio alert. So ding ding, I see the stock on the scan. So, the last time I hit the scan, uh, just scroll back a few minutes. So, INKT. So, it looks like this. And I see the red flame, which means there's breaking news on it. So, then I check the news and I see, okay, they've got publishing details of a complete remission in metastatic testicular cancer following um, the cell therapy. So, you know, call me biased, but I think this is great news. And so, you know, we and honestly, I try not to overanalyze the news. I just I focus on the price action. So you can have news that sounds great, but the stock drops and you can have news that sounds terrible and the price goes up. So at the end of the day, I don't need to read too much into the headline. I'm not, you know, a a doctor and so I don't know all of what this means, but I can tell the market's responding favorably. And so that's all I really need to know in the short term. And so initially the stock pops up right here to a high of uh $15 and uh $16 a share. Now the problem with this move was that it was on such light volume. I wasn't able to jump in. But that's okay because I also wouldn't have jumped in right here because there was no chart pattern. Then it pulls back and as it curls back up right here, I punched the order to jump in. But here's the problem. I did not get filled. So it goes from $14.50 50, which is where I tried to add right here for the break of 15 and the break of 16. It goes straight to $19 a share. Then it pushes higher up to 20 and I ended up taking my first trade right here at about $20.50 on this micro pullback. So right there, I bought 1,500 shares. Now, typically I'm entering an order with at least 5,000 and sometimes even 10,000 shares. However, this is a higherpric stock with lighter volume and bigger spreads. And so, for those reasons, even though the stock met all five pillars of stock selection, and even though I like the chart pattern, what the level two showed me was bigger spreads and a thinner market. So, I had to manage my risk. So, instead of taking 5,000 shares of this or, you know, 10,000 or 20,000, I started with 1,500 shares. Now, 1,500 shares was my starter. I doubled to 3,000. I tripled to 4500. I went to 6,000. And that was where I peaked on my first trade. 6,000 or maybe it was 7,500 shares, something like that. But I yeah, 7,500 shares through five orders of 1500 shares. And this squeezed to 21 and in this area I was adding. And so when I first get in right here, so I first buy at $20.40 and my stop is just below 20. So, I'm risking 40 cents a share on 1500 shares. That's $750 of risk. Then it breaks 21 and I add to my position. So, now although I'm increasing my share size, I'm moving my max loss up to about $20.50 because I want to see that it can hold these levels. Once it breaks 21, I move my new mental stop to 21. Now, these are mental stops because it's pre-market. So, I can't use a live stop order, but I'm using a mental stop, which means if the stock drops, I'm gonna sell and I'm going to bail on the bid. So, selling on the bid with my hotkey. But it breaks 22, then it breaks 23, then it breaks 24, and I'm taking profit up here as it goes to 25 and 26 because we were getting these topping tails. So, I end up scaling out of it. And on that move right there, I made about uh I I this put me up about $56,000 on the morning. And I had already traded a couple other stocks. So this was probably about $35,000 of profit, maybe 40, which is good. It's nothing insane, uh but it's good. Now, the biggest issue with it was that it was a little more expensive. So then it pulls back, it dips back down, but it ends up rallying back up. And so it rallies back up here and you can see how it pops up there, drops down, comes back up here, dips, pops up over 28. I took that trade, ended up getting in and getting out about break even. It was not the big winner I was hoping for. Yes, it popped up, but it didn't work nearly as well as I wanted. It then goes sideways, resistance under 28, goes sideways again, and it ends up pulling back a little bit. Then coming into the open at about 9:30 in the morning, we get this a second rally and we squeeze, as you can see here, up to 48. Then we squeeze all the way here up to a high of $58 a share. Unbelievable. So, uh, my next best trade on it, we halted up once. I didn't trade it there. We halted up a second time. I was watching it, but I couldn't get a trade. On this resumption, it dipped and I bought and I sold into this squeeze here. Then it pulled back, popped up, pulled back, popped up, pulled back, halted up here, and when it resumed, I bought at $40 a share here and rode the momentum up to 48. It pulls back through here, and I said, "Okay, you know what? I think that's enough for me." As it curled up here, I did not get back in. So, my last trades on it were right here. So, I left some money on the table. But you know what's also interesting is that in a way, well, I gave back some profit today because although I'm sitting up $78,000 on the day, I peaked at 88,000. So, what happened? Well, I actually gave back about 12,000 on CVM. This is a different stock I traded. I was up 8,000 on it and then I lost well, I guess it was 13,000 on one trade. And so I went from 88,000 on the day to 75,000. And then I got back in INKT and lost 3,000. So then I was up at 72,000. And then when I got back in right here, I made six grand. And that's how I got back to 78,000. And that's where I stopped. So today was a day where, you know, on the one hand, I left a little money on the table on INKT, but in total, I actually gave back a little profit off the top. So, it can be hard to know when to walk away. Now, when it comes to INKT, I really didn't know at the beginning of the move how much this would go up today. Uh I I knew it had the potential to squeeze because of how much it had already moved, but you can see that it sort of gave us a couple of different um areas of momentum. So, we had this sort of first burst here, a second little pop here, and then this whole wave here, you know, didn't even start till the 9:30 opening bell. But in the interim, we had while this was sort of pulling back uh right here, we had other stocks that came into focus. Hol on this one, I'm up $10,000. So, you had an initial pop right here and a drop. And on that pop and drop, I actually lost $7,000. But as it rallied back up, I got back in it and it came back up and I made $17,000 off the low. So, I went from -7,000 to up $10,000 on this stock, buying these pullbacks as it rallied higher. Then we had SGN. Now, SGN was one of the first stocks I traded this morning. This one popped up here at about 7 a.m. or 6:30 and went from $1.40 all the way up to $4.40 a share. So, started the day with $17,000 of profit on that stock right there. Now, one of the other stocks I trade was ABVE. ABVE was a little bit trickier for me. I didn't do as well on it. Uh although it held up fairly well in total. Uh I got in it uh right here. I thought if it broke this high, we would squeeze up and it rejected and I lost 4 grand on that drop. Well, 3,800. So, I took one loss on it. I did not get back in here because I didn't trust it. And so, you know, it ends up working without me. CVM, the one that I'm read the most on. Uh, this one squeezed up here. I jumped in it. I actually made 8,000 on it and then I got back in and it drops all the way back down and I flipped from green to red. So, INKT, no doubt the stock I made the most money on. And, you know, you could argue I shouldn't have traded any of the other stocks, but I'm only up, well, I shouldn't say only. I'm up 60,000 on INKT. And so the remaining 18,000 of profit, you know, came from these other four stocks combined. INKT gave us big moves and then kind of went sideways. So while it was going sideways, I switched gears and found other stocks to trade. Now, something that I um heard traders complain about is that right around the opening bell, Thinker Swim evidently went offline. And that is very disappointing. Trading is hard enough without dealing with technical glitches, but these things happen. I mean, we're trading online on computer software. You know, you could have your computer crash and you can't restart it. You could lose your internet connection or you could have an issue with your broker or your market data vendor. I mean, there's a lot of variables. And so, unfortunately, to a certain extent, this is sort of the cost of doing business that occasionally these things will happen. Obviously, we're grateful. It doesn't happen often. You know, when it comes to Think or Swim, I I certainly encourage anyone who lost money as a result of um their platform going offline, you know, that you reach out to them and ask if there's anything they can do to make it right. Maybe there is, maybe there isn't, I don't know. Uh you know, if it continues to happen, I would certainly begin to look for a more reliable broker. But at the same time when it comes to commissionfree trading you know thinker swim Charles Schwab is kind of the biggest player in the game you know that and and the benefit of that is you get nice price improvement because of how much liquidity they have in the market. So you know they're a real uh big player and it's disappointing when they go offline but I you know I think unfortunately it's just part of the cost of doing business that these things happen from time to time. And so one of the things that I always try to remind traders is to never empower one trade to end your career. Uh you know similarly I'll never have one trade that I can retire off of because for me my whole strategy is just base hit base hit base hit base hit. So as I sit here right now on the month of July I came in this morning with $545,000 of profit on the month. So today with 78,000 I'm going to be up about close to 6 and you know $25,000 or so uh on the month. So 620,000 that's 62% of the way towards my $1 million goal. So I'd like to get a million for the month of July which was the same goal that I set for June. Now you guys know that I beat that that uh in June by uh 300,000. I finished June with 1.3 million. And right here when we look at the calendar, well, we still have about three weeks left in the month of July. So, as long as we keep seeing this big momentum, I'm going to continue to be aggressive. I'm sitting up $550,000 on the week. And I did it trading on my traveling trading station in Spain, you know, on hotel Wi-Fi, which isn't the best, but is good enough. So, you know, I I try to just tell you guys to show up every day to keep improving your skill because one of the things that is the most valuable, more important than your internet connection, more important than the size of monitor you get, is your educated intuition. And the only way you build that is by showing up and gaining experience. So, keep showing up every day. Keep practicing in the simulator. And I'll remind you as always, you know this trading is risky. My results aren't typical. You don't just start with these kind of winners. I've been building my whole career to this level where I can trade like this. So, you know, just take it with a grain of salt when you see these really big days for me and understand that I'm also taking substantial levels of risk, far more risk than many of you would be comfortable taking, you know, and and that's that's just where we're at. But what I'll also tell you just to give you, you know, sort of another perspective is that while I'm sitting here up $500,000 on the week, we know that there's people in the market that are up 5 million on the week, right? And they and and I could look at them and say, man, you know, $5 million on the week, I can't even imagine making that much money. But most likely they had to take a substantial amount of risk to make that money. And you know what? They may think there's someone out there that made 50 million this week. And that person may think there's someone out there that made 500 million this week. And that person might think there's someone out there that made 5 billion this week. And what does that person think? There's only one person in the world who made the most this week. And there's only one person in the world who lost the most. And those two people are not any of us. We're small fish in this big ocean. So comparison is the thief of joy. Be grateful for your gains. Even if it's just $20 a day, $50 a day, 200 a day. That can be the foundation to building a career. And that's what it was like for me when I first got started. I set out with a modest goal of $1,000 a week. That's $200 a day. I wasn't trying to do anything crazy. I wasn't trying to buy a Lamborghini or fly in a private jet or, you know, do anything like that. I just wanted to make enough money so I didn't have to get a regular 9 toive job. And this was during the the great recession because that's when I graduated college into one of the worst job markets of the last two decades. So I was forced to kind of try to figure out a non-traditional way of making money and day trading became that for me. But what I eventually learned is that the only difference between a 100 a day and a thousand a day is taking bigger share size. But it is having the risk tolerance to take that share size and the confidence in your strategy that takes time. So pay your dues, spend your time learning. And listen, I'll be here in the trenches with you every single day. Am I taking bigger share size? Am I making maybe a little bit more money than some of you guys? Certainly. But let's not forget, there's people that are making more than me. So, we're all somewhere on the spectrum. So, I want to thank you guys for tuning in. Make sure you download those five pillars of stock selection and I will see you back at it bright and early on Monday morning live streaming at 7 a.m. for all of our members at Warrior Trading.