Title: Day Trading Watch List for MONDAY!
Views: 39070
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=2hVojBIp5Zc
======================================================================

What's up everyone? All right, so in today's episode, I'm going to break down my watch list for Monday morning and the game plan for the week ahead. I am going to record this here on my laptop in a 1970s era living room. Look at this uh curtain. I love it. Now, it's got a little more red than I might prefer, but beggars can't be choosers. I'm going to be on my traveling trading station this week. No problem. I've got my Starlink highspeed internet. I've got my computers and let's not forget my ultra thin monitor. Look at how skinny that is. Well, this is going to have what we're about to go over, which is the watch list for today. So, if we jump onto this screen share here, you can see SpaceX. This was our big move from Friday. Now, obviously a super hyped up IPO. Everyone was excited about it. I was excited about it. Uh, in fact, some of you guys may have even seen me on CNBC on Friday talking about the SpaceX IPO and what I thought was sort of the opportunity as a retail day trader. Now, was Friday the best day to buy it to hold it for the next 10 years? In my opinion, no. Statistically, IPOs retrace from the day of the IPO. Typically, it's not uncommon for them to retrace as much as 50% off those IPO highs. So that means it wouldn't be atypical for this to come back down to 80 $90 a share over the next 12 months. And that might present a better time to be a buyer with more upside potential. The fact is if you want to 10x your return on this, SpaceX needs to go to a market cap of nearly $20 trillion, which it's unheard of. So, you know, anyways, be a long-term investor if that's your approach. I don't want to um that's that's not really my area where I uh focus. But as a day trader, day one does present the opportunity to get in and get out. And as uh many of you guys know and who are tuning in on Friday, I did a live stream. I walked you through my trades and uh we had a great day. So Friday finished up $84,000 with uh my last trade being on SpaceX here. And SpaceX ended up producing a profit of I had I guess looks like 1 2 3 four trades. First trade was a loser. Got back in and made 38,000 and then a couple more trades after that. So finished up about $39,000 day trading SpaceX. Uh but I also got shares at the IPO price of $135 a share and I am still holding those shares. So although we peaked on Friday up around $177 a share and I could have taken them off the table, I held thinking we probably have a couple more days of momentum in uh store for us. We'll see. Maybe I end up selling those on Monday. But in any case, um the goal on Monday won't be to continue to day trade SpaceX in my main trading account. I trade day one of the IPO. Maybe I hold a few shares for a swing trade for the next week or whatever. And then I switch gears. So, at this point for Monday morning, we got to start putting together a different watch list. Last week, you know what was interesting was I said I would be really interested in trading any stocks, day trading them, that have a catalyst that's somehow tied into space. That remains true this week. If we see a company that puts out a headline of AI data centers in low orbit, I think that's the type of stock that we should pay close attention to. Case in point, STI had a headline um that exactly touched on this uh these keywords here and it went from $3. You can have those. Yeah, those are fine. You can't open them though. Okay, I'll help you open them. That went from $3 a share all the way up to a high of about $55. came back down, is still hanging out around $24 a share. So, this one um I almost wondered if it was going to squeeze up a little on Friday on sympathy momentum to SpaceX, but everyone was so focused on SpaceX. It didn't. Nonetheless, a move from $2 up to $40, $50 a share represented a huge opportunity. And I traded that one um let's see, it was guess about a week ago um I think on this day here where I made $75,000. So that was um STI. We also had as AC acc $5 a share up to $75 a share before coming back down now to around 20. But all things considered, it's still holding up relatively well. So we should definitely be on the lookout for a company that puts out a space theme headline. I think something that's worth noting is that during the Bitcoin, you know, frenzy, it was very easy for companies to piggyback off of Bitcoin momentum. What do they have to do? Buy $100,000 in Bitcoin and all of a sudden they've got a Bitcoin treasury strategy. That's what I was trying to tell my wife. We need a Bitcoin treasury strategy. So, what are you talking about? I said, we should just buy some Bitcoin. She's like, no, that's crazy. So, I'm just kidding. I, you know, for me, as many of you guys know who have tuned in for a long time, I'm not a crypto trader. I'm I've had strong beliefs around the crypto markets and I I've stayed out of them. But adopting a crypto strategy is as simple as just buying some cryptocurrency. You put out the news headline that your company has taken on a crypto treasury strategy and when the crypto market was at all-time highs, that kind of headline would send your stock up 30, 40, 50% in one day. Then we got into AI theme and all these companies adopting, you know, new AI da da da da um integrating with Nvidia partnership with Nvidia. You could say I'm partnered with Nvidia right now because guess what guys, I've got an Nvidia graphics card on my laptop. Is that a partnership? Well, for a lot of these small cap companies, that counts and they put out the headline that they've partnered with Nvidia, their stock goes up 30%. Okay. So, it's very common that when you have a theme in the market, small cap stocks, penny stocks, they try to kind of juice the momentum of that theme to get people to buy up shares of their stock. And that can create the opportunity for the company to go at 50, 100% or even more in one day. And so seeing it on ASTC, seeing it on um STI with the space theme, because these moves were both in excess of 1,000%, I am eager for the next company to put out a similar headline, but it's a little harder to kind of I don't want to say fake, but it's a little harder to say you're getting into, you know, data centers in space. STI put out um a headline that they got some patents related to that. ASTC um had a headline that was, you know, tied into um doing the doing the lunar or no, it was actually lunar mining, I think, on ASTC. But nonetheless, it kind of fit within the the space theme. So, I think it's just not as easy for a company to just spin up the way they could for crypto treasury strategy or for integrating AI. Realistically, almost any company can integrate AI in some way if they want to. Any company can get into cryptocurrency. Not any company can get into space data centers. Uh however, I do think that the next stock that puts out that kind of headline where you know it the price of the stock is low enough that traders can afford it, the float is low enough where traders recognize it has the potential to make a big move. Going just you know my five pillars of stock selection. We got to focus on price, relative volume, percentage change, news catalyst, and the float. So, if all of those line up, then we have the perfect storm potential. So, on the one hand, I'm uh eagerly waiting for that to happen, but I'm also not holding my breath because I recognize it's not as easy to see those headlines as it is for other um themes. So, realistically, that leaves us back to um where did we begin last week? We had inh this stock that went from about $4 a share or actually less than that previous day was at like a$123 up to $65 a share in one day over 5,000% return dropped back down to 38 and then in after hours trading uh the NASDAQ paused trading on what's called a T12 halt. They paused waiting for the company to respond to this outrageous move in their stock price and as of right now the company has not I guess given an adequate response uh enough for NASDAQ to resume trading. So this is a little bit concerning when that happens. Um the next day we had PAVVM PAVM ends up or was it PAVS? PAVS PAVS ends up squeezing up on Tuesday and this one goes up about 2,500%. Which is also a pretty crazy move. And as of right now, it's back at 19. The thing with this one is that unlike INHD, this had no news, but shorts got squeezed and we got an explosive move, but it had no news and it came all the way back down. So, you know, kind of how do you trust it? And I I don't know, but obviously a big move. Then we had DSY. If this was Wednesday or Thursday, we had the stock DSY, which squeezed up. This one again, Chinese company, no news, from $2 to $20 a share. So, we saw a lot of stocks. I mean, it was probably well certainly certainly at least dozens. I don't know if it was over a hundred, but we had dozens and dozens of different stocks that were Chinese with no news squeezing up last week. And while I don't love playing this game of hot potato or musical chairs of jumping from stock to stock and not wanting to be the last one holding the bag when attention shifts because the moves were so big, there was a lot of opportunity. And so last week I did jump from uh trade to trade. And I ended up having a terrific week. Some people were saying, Ross, you know, some of these stocks don't really meet your five pillars of stock selection because pillar number four, there's no news catalyst. And I said, I know. I get it. And yet they're moving. And if I sit here on the sidelines crossing my arms and saying, "No, I won't trade it because there's no news." I might have missed out on $345,000 of profit. So I have to be willing to adapt to trading what is volatile in the market. Typically it's biotech stocks with news. Typically it's biotech stocks with a private placement for you know doing research and development on a treatment of something that's going really well in clinical trials. Um alternatively it's a stock that fits well within the current theme whether that's crypto AI or right now space. But this week we did have a lot of stocks that were moving up on no news at all. As we know, the pattern day trader rule uh which required a minimum account size of $25,000 was eliminated on June 4th and it went into um production for a lot of retail brokers on Monday, June 8th. And so then suddenly Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, we have these huge moves that there might be a correlation here. Um, on the other hand, it might not be that it's actually because there are more traders in the market, but because there's a perception that there's more traders in the market. And the perception is enough to change the behavior of short sellers and even the behavior of long biased traders to be more aggressive on the long side and more conservative on the short side. So whether or not there's actually more people that have come into the market because of this pattern day trader rule change, we don't know. But clearly there has been a strong shift in sentiment. So as of right now I'm up over $400,000 on the month of June. And I will say this is actually this is actually fascinating. So if we go back to 2020, we look at June of 2020, I made $1.3 million. Let's look at June at June of 2025. Um I can't remember my best month of the year in 2025. Um, but let's just check it. So, 2025 here. Scroll down. 2025 was Was that also June? That is so interesting. 2024 um it was December, which was right after the election, which makes sense. 2023 wasn't a particularly crazy market. 2022 was a little slower. 2021, we had GameStop in January, so January was the best. And then back to 2020, um it was June. So, this to me is really interesting that we're seeing this June theme kind of playing out. Um you know, now two years in a row, June of last year, uh June of this year, and then the third year, not in a row, but was back in 2020. So, you know, I I don't know what that what that means exactly. Maybe it's the beginning of summer. Maybe it's traders out from college who are like, "All right, I'm going to dive in here. Let's make a let's make it a great summer." But clearly, there is momentum in the market right now. And to me, um, this represents an opportunity to be really aggressive. So, um, so that's that's my game plan. That's and that's exactly what I'm doing. I'm just trying to be aggressive and capitalize as much as I can on um on this opportunity. Yes, buddy. >> Where are the magnet tiles? >> The magnet tiles. Um they're I don't have them. I brought them back. They're with they're down there. Okay. So, all right. So, continuing on. So, we've got a bunch of stocks last week that made big moves, but are any of them actually worth watching for Monday? And the answer is no. I'm not really interested in trading um the bounce off the low after a big move. I like trading the beginning of a squeeze up on day one. I don't like trading day 2, day three, day four typically, unless there's fresh news, but these don't have news. We had UBXG on Friday, which I thought had the potential to go higher. It popped up pre-market and sold off. But as it rallied back up here, I thought, man, if this breaks through 1050 or 11, we're back on the front side of the move. So, that one I could work with. EDHL, this one was squeezing up a little bit. And I said, see, I don't know. Had the big move a couple days ago, goes sideways. I thought maybe if it could get over 12, maybe. But I I really don't love that setup. So, I think on Monday when it comes to Chinese stocks, it's going to be watching what is moving and watching the scanners. Now, I want to be careful about jumping in the first stock that pops up or just any stock that pops up. I want to let a stock fail. Give it a chance to fail, but if it proves that it can hold, then I'm interested. What I really like is when a stock can be one of the top five leading gainers in the entire market, because then it's going to have more people noticing it, just like the top five results on a Google search. more people will see the leading gainers. So, I'm going to be watching whatever is a leading gainer. Now, it's possible that we'll sit down on Monday morning and we'll see if the leading gainer is a stock that popped up a ton at 4 in the morning and then is already pulled back quite a bit. In which case, all right, it's great to see that we had that big move, but we're not going to trade it because now it's already on the backside coming back down. On the other hand, um you know, we could have a stock at 7 a.m. that has is the leading gainer and is still right at the the highs. And in that case, it is something that I would consider trading uh because it's still moving higher. I just want to be careful if something's made a move, sold off a lot that I'm not getting back in unless it really shows that it's got quite a lot of strength. So on Friday we were noticing that um you know we were kind of dealing with this issue where the leading gainer and I have to go all the way back to 4 a.m. um by y ah this was one of our leading gainers on Friday and it had made this big move buddy don't don't touch that please. it had made this big move early early in the day and um at 4:00 a.m. which was continuation from Friday and then it kind of rolled over. So that that's what I don't want to get into trading. I'd rather trade the front side of the next one than be trading the backside of that move. So, I would say the things to look at for Monday because we're not going to have a specific watch list that's like I'm watching these three stocks. But what I will be watching will be do we have a stock that is making new highs? Do we have a stock that either is on space theme because space theme could work? Do we have a stock that's Chinese and is squeezing higher? And if we do have one of those things, then I'm going to get excited. So, I'm more focused on the catalyst and the position of the current price than the actual specific name of the ticker right now. So, the ticker will just be the vehicle of a stock that meets essentially the profile of what's been giving us the biggest moves. So, for those of you guys who've been watching on YouTube these recaps, if you have not already checked out a twoe trial, I'll put the link in the description and I'll also pin it to the top of the comments. So, you can come on over, do the two-eek trial, and watch over my shoulder as we're navigating these markets, which right now, as you know, are highly volatile. [snorts] Because trading is risky, I want to remind you that my results aren't typical, and you got to manage your risk by practicing in a simulator. Prove you can make money in a simulator before going live with real money. Members of Warrior Trading who uh joined just recently during our Memorial Day sale have access to 90 days of a trading simulator. If you check out our Warrior Pro membership, you can see how um we have the simulator that allows you to practice in a safe environment. So, you don't take risk with real money until you first prove you kind of know what you're doing. All right, so with that, I'll remind you guys as always that my results aren't typical. So, please take it slow and I'll see you tomorrow morning streaming at 7 a.m. Eastern Standard Time.