Title: A Hit or Miss Market...
Views: 23246
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=PPJLNKFS224
======================================================================

What's up everyone? All right, so in today's episode I'm going to break down my trades from the morning. Overall today another choppy day, cold market stuff. Yes, I got some profit. I'm grateful for that, but it wasn't easy. And you know, if you miss timed a couple of these setups today, I mean that was easily the difference between a nice green day or unfortunately a bigger red day because while we saw some volatility, we did not see a lot of sustained momentum, which is tricky. This is kind of the characteristic cold markets. Hot and cold. One day we'll have some momentum, the next day it's cold. Something pops up, but only for a second, then it reverses. And so, these are the markets that really test your patience and test your skill. I've often said that, you know, when the market's hot, it's not as hard to be green. I mean, obviously it's harder to be green when the market's really cold. So, when the market's really hot, it's easier to make money. Doesn't mean it's easy, but on a spectrum it is easier than the cold market. The problem is a lot of people come in when the market's hot. So, they get accustomed to making money and they think it's always going to be like this. And when it starts to cool off, it's a rude awakening. A lot of brokers, including the commission free brokers, they've got so much liquidity when the market's hot, you benefit from price improvement, you get really nice fills on your orders. But when the market cools off, you also start getting more slippage. And so, there's a lot of variables that happen that really help determine whether or not you're going to do well when the market's hot or if you're going to sort of have a headwind when the market's cold. And so, right now we're facing a bit of a headwind. We're swimming upstream and it's not as easy. This morning, when I first pulled up my scanners at about 6:30, 6:45, I was disappointed not to see anything that looked good, but I wasn't shocked. At that time our leading gainer was only about 30%. So, we did not have any big gainers and I thought, all right, well, I'm going to come over and I'm going to sit down and I'm just going to have to wait and hope we get some breaking news. So, if we go back to early this morning on the scans, I'll scroll all the way back to 4:00 a.m. INDO hits the scans, Indonesian energy company. This is not the first time this one's hit the scans. It does pop up um I'd say quite often. Um but unfortunately a lot of times uh it doesn't hold up very well. So, not very interested in that stock. CISS, this one lower float, lower priced as well. Um wasn't able to hold up super well, popped up, then reversed. Let's see if this comes up here. So, we got this sort of uh squeeze at 5:00 a.m., sold off, popped up, sold off, back up. Classic kind of choppy market behavior. Not easy to manage risk on that. Uh coming up uh let's see, a little bit uh later in the morning. Let me just scroll back here. So, we had the uh 4:00 a.m., the 5:00 a.m. and then let's see what we got. Oh, we got Ruby that's starting to pop up. Well, Ruby didn't have any news. So, the problem with Ruby was how could I trust it? And so, look at this. This stock ended up making a big move and it gave it all back. So, it rallies up, no news, sells off, pops up, little ABCD kind of pattern right there, breaks out, kind of a cup and handle, pushes higher, sells off, pops up, sells off, pops up. And I said, I'm not trading it. My problem wasn't just that it had no news. Um my problem was that by the time I was sitting down at 7:00 a.m., the level two was very crowded. It was very thickly traded. So, I could just tell this thing was not going to be easy and I should just not mess with it. So, I said, nope, I'm not touching it. Uh being able to interpret uh just based on the level two whether or not something has good potential, it it takes time. Um but when I see that the bids are really stacked and the sellers are really stacked, what that communicates to me is that the stock is crowded. There's a lot of people trading it and probably competing just to make one or two cents a share with commission free brokers and that's not where I'm going to do well. So, no trades on Ruby. And then all of a sudden 8:00 a.m., we have ENVB that hits the scanner. Hits the scanner. Actually hits our uh running up scanner first uh just after 8:00 a.m. And when it first hit the scanner here, it was at $2.78 and it has breaking news. Biotech company, US company with news. I usually like that quite a bit. The chart, I'm familiar with it. We traded it before, has a lot of room to the 200 moving average, looking for the bounce off the low. So, the workflow for me is it hits the scanner, I hear it go ding ding ding ding ding and I pull it up and all of a sudden it's squeezing. So, even in the time it took for me to click uh and then type it into my level two window, it had already popped up um a good bit. So, it pops up here to three, dips down and then right here it starts to pull away. And so, as it pops up right there, I got in, hits a high of 360 and I got in right here at about 350. So, I bought that little dip following that breakout. This would have been a better entry and I was impressed to see uh many folks in chat say that they got in down there. They got in uh below $3. Great entry, very nice. And you guys had every opportunity to get in um faster than me. It hit the scanner, I saw it at the same time as you did. I just was a little bit slower. Um I was just not sure it was I don't know, I was a little bit like needed it to prove itself before I jumped in. So, I got in a little higher at 350 and uh it goes up to 360, 370, 380, 390, $4. Squeezes all the way to a high of four 50? Was it high 450? $4.50. And so, I took the profit. Now, what's interesting here is uh I kept adding, which I often do. So, I got my starter at 350 and then I added for the break of four and then I even added for the break of 450. I was looking for a move to five. I was like, all right, we got a live one, we got something moving. Finally, it's game time. And so, you could see my adds here all the way up at uh 443, 439, 435. I mean, I was adding. I I thought this thing was going to keep going and then when it peaked there and started to drop, I had to pull the rip cord and bail out. And so, I don't like having to bail out like that, but in this case, you know, it went up quickly and then started coming down. So, I got out. Um it bounces back up here, but never really gives us a first one minute candle to make a new high and then just kind of slowly starts to unwind. And you know what? We saw that big spoof order on the ask and they were pushing it down right up here. So, that big order was pushing the stock down sitting up on the offer. Canceling, replacing the order, canceling, replacing the order, canceling, replacing the order. So, classic spoof type of um uh well, I don't know, behavior where you see the order just a couple cents above the ask and then they cancel it. They place it, they cancel it, they place it, they cancel it. So, they've got the buying power to put out big orders. And unfortunately, when a trader does that, it communicates weakness to the market and to algorithms because they see the imbalance on the book is on the sell side. And so, then all of a sudden the algorithms are coming in front and you're getting that drop. So, you know, it's really a kind of a unfortunate uh thing that we're seeing, but um is not the first time we've seen that. It's certainly not and I'm sure uh even after this spoofer goes away, we'll see it again in the future. Because spoofing, you're not allowed to do it because they're not placing the order with the intention of filling the order, they're just placing it with the intention of scaring other traders. And that, you're not allowed to do. So, eventually they'll get their account banned. Maybe they'll come back on a new broker, then they'll get banned again and then they'll be gone. But in the meantime, um you know, they they were definitely putting up a wall. So, uh did they put up the wall after they had shorted it? Maybe. Maybe they shorted into the pop and then as soon as they were in their position, they started putting up the big wall to try to push the stock back down. That that would be my guess, but I can't say for sure. In any case, the stock did end up reversing, which was disappointing and um so, you know, the spoofer wins and um then we had CDIO, this one popped up. Um I was not really interested in trading it, felt like the risk was a bit too high. Uh yesterday had a move, today second day continuation. So, no trades on that one. Ruby back on the scans, but I said, no, I'm not going to trade that. Um RBNE hit the scanner for a moment. A few other large cap stocks start hitting the scans or mid cap stocks. Um and then at the open we had MLEC, which put in a bigger squeeze. So, this stock goes from 16 up to 24-ish. Um if you see on the chart yesterday, this one also put in a pretty big move right there at the open. So, kind of interesting because it's on lighter volume. So, there's a divergence there where the price is going higher, but the volume's declining. I don't love that, but um there's there's nothing, you know, I I just chose not to trade it. So, you know, it's it just is what it is. Sometimes you'll see these moves like that on light volume and usually the issue is that the spreads are too big. So, if I pull up the level two here on that one, um MLEC, yeah, you've got a 35 cent spread right now. So, you know, unfortunately with bigger spreads, it's just hard to manage risk. So, in any case, now all of a sudden, you know, we're coming to I can't believe it, the end of the week. And so, we've kind of run out of steam. Now, I'm trying to remember um how much I made on was it Tuesday or did was this the market holiday week? Yeah, this is the market holiday week. That's why it was a short week. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. Yeah. So, yeah, unfortunately wasn't able to really make up for the lost time of uh market being closed on Monday, but uh that's all right, you know, I'm I'm chipping away. The biggest risk that I would say I face right now is uh taking a big loss on Friday where I give back everything I made in these last couple days. And that would be really discouraging. So, tomorrow I've got to take it easy. What's the likelihood of a stock or company putting out really great news on a Friday when the market's been cold. It's probably not as high as if the market was hot. So, these companies they know they know when the market's hot, when news will be well received, and when it's not. So, unfortunately, we, you know, that kind of makes the cold cycles even bigger. Uh makes the hot cycles even bigger, but uh we've just got to kind of wait it out. So, that's what I'm going to be doing, and in the meantime, teaching class as soon as I finish trading. We got through another um couple more classes today, which was great, and we'll be continuing with that tomorrow. So, a reminder for those of you guys tuning in, of course, you know, this trading's risky. My results aren't typical, so please manage your risk, take it slow, and always practice this simulator before putting real money on the line. I'll see you guys back at it bright and early tomorrow morning.