Title: Will Prediction Markets Become The Latest HOT Theme?
Views: 43895
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=lneGXw0sxzo
======================================================================

What's up everyone? All right, so in today's episode I'm going to break down this morning's incredible trade. You know what's really interesting is Monday and Tuesday very small green days. I was being very patient, disciplined, self-control. I mean I got a little squirrely yesterday and I got a little frustrated on AHMA, but I ended up finishing with a small green day about $4,000. And I was kind of feeling like all right, I'm not making a lot of progress this week. I'd had that red day on Friday the end of last week. You know, what what gives? When are we going to have something that finally opens up? And one of the things I was reminded of is the fact that right now it feels like we're in between themes. A big theme last year was this crypto treasury strategy, right? These companies buying cryptocurrency just placing it on their balance sheet and then encouraging people essentially to buy shares of that company so they'd have exposure to that particular cryptocurrency. That was really hot last year and when we think back on some of the big moves like S bet or BMNR, those are stocks that had backing from big institutional investors and they went from $10 $15 a share to over $150 a share. I mean these were incredible moves. Okay, and then we had some AI. AI was a big theme last year as well, but both of those have kind of faded. Towards the end of last year, you know, there was all this talk about oh we're in an AI bubble and the market's going to collapse and this is just like 1929 da da da da I felt like the pundits on the news wanted a crash so bad. They were trying to predict it. They're like it's going to happen. It's going to happen. You know, Michael Burry what he was out with his you know, short da da da da AI's over, but you know, look at the market. It keeps going higher. Even though it keeps going higher, we're not seeing big catalysts in the small cap sort of you know, department with AI. So that cycle or that theme is kind of faded. And this year something that I've noticed already quite a lot of is the talk about the prediction markets, right? This everything that just happened in Venezuela. There was someone on the prediction markets that made like $400,000 predicting you know, with the prediction market is basically it's not um it's not considered gambling because there's no house. You're placing a you're taking a prediction or a bet with someone else. So there's no intermediary house that makes money off the bet. And so it's considered trading technically right now by the legal definition. So it's falling under the umbrella of being a trading platform. And so these prediction platforms allow you to trade on all kinds of things. Many of you guys have probably heard about this, but for those that haven't, you could trade on whether or not Trump is going to say China during a speech. And you know, if you're right, then you know, it pays out whatever the the odds are. And so you can take that bet and then as it gets closer to the time that that event is going to happen, the odds may shift. And so you could also sell that bet to someone else who wants to take it. So it's like you can be buying and selling even up to the actual event. So like right now, you could place a prediction on what who's going to be the number one pop star have the number one hit for 2026. And maybe you're going to predict whoever Taylor Swift or something like that, but then maybe in July someone comes out with a new album it's really good and so the prediction changes the the odds change on that bet. So in any case, this has been kind of a a way that people have been able to loop around or get around sports betting as well making a prediction on who's going to win a game because obviously online gambling and sports gambling sports betting is not legal in every state in the United States, but trading is. So these prediction markets have become very popular. Some of them are run internationally, but others are here in the US. I say all of this because I was wondering you know, what what this meant for the small cap market. And then today we had a stock that came out with news of a partnership to enter into the rapidly growing prediction market space. And the second I saw prediction markets, I was like this is I got to pay attention to this. And this stock ended up squeezing up almost 500%. I put my money where my mouth is. I jumped in. I used all the buying power that I had in my account. And I was all in and I made $85,000 just this morning on this trade. Now on this trade uh I started the morning with $140,000 in my account. So my account's up over 50% on the day. This is the the same account that I started this year at 100,000. So I started at 100. I've already made 40, so the account was up 40%. Now I've got 80. So now the account tomorrow when I log in is going to have $220,000 in it. The account's up 120% on the year already and it's January 14th. Okay, so I'm cruising and this is exactly what I needed and this is a reminder of quality over quantity. So let's go ahead and jump on to the screen share and what I'm going to do is I'm going to walk you through step-by-step how I was able to make the decision to take this trade on High Roller Technologies. Ticker is Roller L or sorry R O L R. Roller though is easier to say. Comes off the tongue a little bit easier. So this morning when I first sat down and looked at the scans around 6:30 in the morning, there was really nothing on the scans that looked good. So I was like all right, it's going to be another slow day. And so if we back up these scans here, we'll go way way way back. My only regret this morning was that I didn't punch it this same trade in either WeBull or Robinhood. Uh but it happened so fast that I I just didn't I I didn't have the presence of mind to pull the trigger there. So the small accounts are unchanged today, but my bigger account has some nice progress. Okay, so back at 4:00 a.m. So yesterday well, we have EVTV. Sorry, EVTV which has still been you know, pretty pretty active. I obviously didn't take any trades on this one because it's too cheap for me. I just don't want to take the risk and trade these lower price stocks. Um let me just go back here. So EVTV, so that one pops up. That was at 4:00 a.m. Then we had a couple of cheaper stocks that popped up as well and I was wondering all right, FAMI. Are we still going to be in this theme of lower price names? So FAMI pops up. I'll show you that one. This is a Chinese company. So it pops up. It ends up reversing full round trip. And I was like I'm not touching this. On the one hand, when something like this pops up initially, you might kind of get excited. You're like all right, a big pop. But what often happens with these cheaper ones is they pop up like this and then they just go sideways and they just kind of fall apart and it doesn't work. So no trades on that one. Then we had AZI which popped up. This one's popped up a couple times in the last week and it doesn't hold up. So you see how it popped up back there. Didn't hold up very well. So when this one popped up, I just thought no, it's it's not going to work. You know, it's this is going to be another example of it popping up and and rejecting and the rejection level is up here. I thought against the 462 level of the previous high. And even if it broke that, then we have ascending resistance up here at five. So and additionally, this is a stock that's not tradeable at Schwab because it's an international company and for the most part they seem to be banning international small caps even Canadian ones. They're just blocking entirely. Which goes to what I mentioned yesterday that if you're still using Schwab, you're going to have to complain to them about what they're doing because it's making it really hard to trade and look for a backup broker on for the days where we do have momentum, but it's on a stock that Schwab uh you know, father Schwab says is too risky for you cuz you're not smart enough to make your own decision essentially. So you've got to let Schwab decide for you what you can and can't trade. Uh but that's they're doing it cuz they're worried they're going to get you know, sued from someone who says you shouldn't have let me trade this stock because no one can take accountability for their own actions. All right, so in any case, it is what it is. Um Now AZI, I didn't take any trades on that. Then FEED pops up. This one I felt the same way. I was like no. See, it popped up the other day right here. Squeezed up. Then it rejects. Squeezing up again here. No, don't trust it. This ended up rejecting pretty violently. I mean this thing went from 320 down to 160. It is a US company. So you could have traded this one at Schwab. Um not that it was any safer or better than the others, but in any case, um I I just I don't know. I because it had popped up the other day, I just thought no, it popped up the other day. It didn't work and you know, and now it's popping up again. Why would it work today when it didn't work the other day? So no trade on that. AHMA, some people are like hey, check it out. It's still holding up. I was like if you mention that stock, I'm going to get a headache just like I did yesterday. I can't even think about it. So while you're right that it's holding up, I was not interested in trading this you know, yesterday in spite of this huge move, I wasn't able to make very much money cuz it was very difficult. So I said nope, not touching that one. So that was off the radar or I just put that one on the side. I said no, not touching it. And then we had GELs lower price stock that popped up after hours, but was selling off into pre-market. So that was no good. Think I might have mentioned that in my recap yesterday, which I uploaded a little bit later. Um AMPA, this is the one that I lost on on Friday. Um had the right idea, it's at $100 a share, but uh my timing was poor on it. So, anyways, um so then at 8:18 of all times, very random, at 8:18, um we get this alert here on ROLR. And I just I I don't I didn't even I didn't click on it here. I don't think I clicked on it until maybe maybe it hit this scanner here, cuz I don't even have audio alerts turned on for the former MOMO stock or the up 5%. So, it's probably not till it was up 10% that it triggered my first audio alert here on my scanners, being up 10% in uh 10 minutes. So, it hits the scanner and I pull it up. Uh and I'm like initially kind of like I don't know. I'm not familiar with the company at all. Um but I pop I pull it up and it already hit this high of like 420 right here, 425. And so, I looked at it and I think someone might I don't know, maybe someone mentioned it in the chat room or something. Um but, you know, I pull it up, I look at it. I look at the headline, Highroller Technologies. I see it's in the US. So, I'm like, okay. So, it probably is tradable at Schwab cuz it's a US company. I see that it's NYSE American. So, I'm like, all right, after the open we won't be able to see the result the resumption quotes if it halts, but that's not a problem for pre-market. I see hotel lodging and leisure. I'm like, I don't know about that. And then I see Highroller Technologies. So, that name by itself is like, okay, this gambling partners with crypto.com, okay, to enter rapidly growing prediction market space. And the second I read prediction market space, I pulled up the level two. So, initially I just clicked on it, was looking at the chart, and there wasn't much to look at. So, then I pulled up the level two. And as I pulled up the level two, it popped here to 472. And to a high of 492. And I was like, hello. Here we go. That's a dollar a share pop. Yep, that's what I like to see. So, we got this nice pop right there up to $5, and it dipped just for a second right down here to about 460. As it curls back up, I punched it right there for the break of five, and I got filled at $5.17. So, I I got some slippage on my order. I got some shares filled below five and some shares filled well above five, and I was in at about 517. It taps a high here of 589. I'll make this full screen. Then it goes up to a high, we'll go auto, right here of 640. As it hits 640, um I took a little profit off the table. I'm up over a dollar a share. Then it breaks 650 and I add back. It goes up to 720 and I take some more profit off the table. It goes up to eight and I add for the break of the whole dollar. It goes up to 850 into nine and I take some profit. It dips down and down here I buy the dip. It pops back up to 850, and then here it's kind of choppy for a second. It dips down and I'm all out. And then right here it curls back up, reclaims the volume weighted average price, and I add back for the break of 950, and it goes up to 1050. Not bad. Then it pulls back, dips down for a second, and then it curls back here, and I'm back in there right there for the break through 10, right? Looking for the break through the high of day. This is a micro pullback, and we get the squeeze up to 12. That by itself is impressive. It pulls back, it goes up to 13, just about 1350, dips down, goes up to 14. This area was a little bit tricky. The spreads were getting a little bit bigger. So, you know, this started to get a little difficult. In this move right here, this is where I made uh $52,000. So, that was my total profit from just those first five minutes. And then I added the additional um well, I'm at 86,000. So, I added the additional 34,000 um on these breakouts here. With slightly smaller size, because now it's getting more expensive, I can't afford to buy as many shares. So, you know, with $140,000 in my account, my buying power doesn't change intraday. It'll change for tomorrow. So, I wasn't able to add uh you know, I mean, at a certain point I couldn't take 10,000 shares of this anymore. Um you know, I I had to just trade with smaller size. So, up here I was doing like five and 6,000 share positions. Uh but we we still got some nice follow through. And right here, this ended up being our high of day candle, we suddenly squeeze through 15, we go 16, 17, 18, and then if we're flashing 19, 20, and we peak up here just under $21 a share. And I would have wished I could have had more shares in this move here, but it was too expensive and I couldn't afford more. So, and this you know, as I've mentioned was the risk of dropping my account down to $100,000 um at the beginning of this year. I mean, I know $100,000 is a lot of money, but you know, the way I trade and the way I've been trading the last couple years, when I see something I like, I want to be super aggressive on it. But I might not trade every day, and I might not get a good opportunity like this every day. So, I feel like this could have easily been a $200,000 green day, you know, had I already had maybe half a million dollars in my account and I could have taken, you know, that much more size. But being early in the year, the risk of starting with that kind of bigger account was that I could also take a $100,000 loss. And I don't want to go red on the year. There's a lot of stress that comes with going red on the year for me, certainly. Uh I'm sure for anyone, but for me I really try to avoid that. So, I said the best way to control that risk is to reset your account down to 100k and grow it, you know, just slow and steady. So, now 100,000, we're already at 220 grand, uh approximately $225,000 coming in tomorrow. So, I'm in a really good position here now on the month. I mean, I was already at 40,000 on the month, and now I'm up 120,000 on the month, right? So, this was such a big green day. Uh this one day made a huge difference. In fact, if I only have one day each month like today, it's still worth showing up every single day waiting for that one headline to drop. This one dropped at 8:18 and it made my month, you know, as of as of, you know, today at least. So, and I want to say that I'm now thinking that we should pay really close attention to other headlines that are tied into the prediction market space. Um there's no question that a lot of investors would love to be able to get a piece of um the two really popular crypto platforms um that are already established, but uh but new platforms, uh this maybe this will be the year where we see that becomes uh a theme. I I don't know, but based on my own excitement around seeing a stock with a prediction market headline, I was like, all right, this is something I definitely want to, you know, be focusing on. And then the reaction from $4 to 20, that's pretty impressive. So, I think we should definitely be on the lookout for more small caps with um these types of headlines. We'll see what this stock does. Um you know, at a certain point after we hit this peak here, I felt like that was the high. Um I I thought as it curled up here, we maybe had a chance at reclaiming that top, but I held back on it because at that point at $18 a share, I couldn't really buy very many shares. I didn't feel like I'd really make a considerable amount more money, and I thought because the MACD was negative, it was taking too much risk. So, I decided not to get back in it there. Um and now it's softening and pulling back a little bit, but still up 274% on the day. And because it's in the crypto or it's in the um prediction market space, it wouldn't shock me at all if we end up seeing coverage from, you know, some media outlets on, you know, this stock being up this much today, right? It's um you know, it's it's well within the theme of this topic of conversation around prediction markets and you know, the mention markets and you know, all this kind of stuff. And so, uh it's very popular right now. I've been seeing a lot of ads on social media for the prediction markets. You know, I I I understand that a lot of people you know, are are using them and and and think that they're um they're very interesting. I think, you know, Robinhood um I think has gotten into them a little bit. Um Polymarkets is a really big one, and then there's that other one um that begins with a K, I can't remember. Um Kalshi? Is that it? Um I haven't traded I don't you know, I haven't gotten into trading on any of these uh prediction markets. It's not something that I get into, but, you know, I've been seeing these ads on social media where someone's like, I quit my job because I am making $200 a week on the prediction markets or $200 a day or whatever it is. And I and there's they're, you know, buy these prediction markets. And I'm I'm kind of like, wow. Um this is sort of really aggressive marketing. They're really pushing it super hard right now. And I worry um that I I think that we're certainly going to see I mean, right now the political environment is a little bit more lenient, but I think that um if we saw a change and a shift there uh to more aggressive um enforcement, those types of ads are going to be a problem. And you know, I I I just see them and I'm like, "Wow, this is they're really trying to get people to do these prediction markets." But in any case, um you know, it's uh yeah, it's interesting. And in any event, I do think that it's something we should pay attention to because this has been one of the biggest moves of the year, um certainly my most profitable day of the year. And so I always pay attention to what was the catalyst, how did this stock, you know, how did this all come together? And will I find another opportunity like it? By the way, this is also a blue sky setup. All-time highs were just a little over eight. So that added more strength. This wasn't a stock that's been beaten up for a long time and is like super weak. You know, so everything kind of lined up pretty well for this one today. Uh some of those stocks I mentioned about reverse splits, I noticed MLE C went from $5 to $8 yesterday, but sold off. Very low float. People are probably hoping maybe for something, but in fact, there was no news on it. RVYL, we mentioned that one as well, also popped up yesterday from 550 to almost eight, but again, no news. So you know, just because it's a recent reverse split doesn't mean it's a trade. You We need the news on it. So anyways, um ROLR, uh roller, obviously had the catalyst plus the blue sky setup, that just added more strength to this um to this one today. So you know, my philosophy on these is to trade the volatility, get in, get out, get green. Um we had some really nice volume here in this uh stretch, and then we kind of gone into the slight slightly lighter volume area with the MACD being negative. Maybe it rallies up later, time will tell, but for now, I'm grateful to be green. I'm going to take the money off the table, and I'm going to live to trade another day and try to, you know, just keep the risk really tight on the days that it's cold. And then on the days when we've got something that looks good, I'm ready to be aggressive. And I'm not digging myself out of the hole, I'm not feeling desperation, I'm just ready to trade, you know, a hot setup if I see it. And uh and now, thanks to today's profit, I have 50% more, uh more than 50% uh increase in buying power for tomorrow. So this is really good. Um I think that this um I think that this is going to be a good thing. Uh and I will comment that I think that calling the prediction markets trading is a little bit um I don't know about I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I don't it's hard for me to consider it trading. I understand the legal definition because there's not a house that you're trading against other people with those predictions, but it feels like um for a lot of people, certainly like sports and stuff like that. I It's It's a really tough line. When is it gambling and when do you have an edge? Now, if you you know a lot about sports, you've got an edge. At what point do you know too much about sports and your edge is now an unfair advantage? You know, if someone's betting on um something happening in the Middle East or, you know, in Venezuela, and they also work at the White House and have inside information, is that not insider trading? Well, it's not, you know. So now you get into these kind of funny areas. It is trading, but it's not trading. These aren't securities, you know. So what's inside information look like? It's It's It It does seem like this is gambling um for a lot of people, but trading can At the same time, day trading can be gambling for people. Uh and you're allowed to day trade. And for people that are doing it with no strategy, then effectively it's similar. So you know, I I I'm not I guess I'm not sure. Um It'll be up to, I suppose, you know, the the courts ultimately to make a decision of um what what it is and and what regulator has oversight. Um and uh but they are popular, the prediction markets, and so this is a headline we should keep watching here um this year. All right, so that's it for me. Uh again, those of you guys tuning in, reminder, trading is risky. My results aren't typical, so always manage your risk, trade in a simulator before putting real money on the line. And I'll see you guys back at it. I'll be streaming bright and early tomorrow morning at 7:00 a.m. for members at Warrior Trading.