Title: ☕ Cup & Handle Pattern – Breakout Trading Made Simple
Channel: 
Views: 36
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=17GnzcWkubo

So bullish cup is obviously this shape like a U and then a bearish cup and handle is going to be the opposite where you're you're topping and out. Ideally you want your resistance line which I've got marked here in red. You want the uh left side of the cup and the right side of the cup to have fairly similar resistance points. um you're looking for more of a U shape than a Vshape. Um U's are going to be a little more reliable and you're playing this cup as a if you're going to play the trade, you're going to play a breakout continuation on um strong cups are going to take one to six months to develop. This one is close to 3 months. Uh 93 days and that's to the till the actual breakout it's almost 4 months 101 days. [Music] Um when it comes to the when the h the cup gets created there's a lot of times that the handle gets destroyed um where it just doesn't hold up. So you don't really have confirmation of a cup and handle until the breakout. And for it to be valid, you need the handle to retrace or you basically you don't want the handle to retrace any more than a third or a fifth half. I mean third or half of the cup. So you've got your full distance of the cup. If you fib the whole cup, so that the resistance to the support uh this is a third of a retrace. This would be 50% of a retrace. If it goes beyond that 50% point, honestly, it's it's not as valid of a handle at that point. You're probably breaking down. Um so you can see this one is valid. It retraced into the middle of these two areas and then it also broke the resistance with some momentum. Um so maybe on a this is on the daily but maybe if you had seen this you would have got a chance to enter you know if you're looking on the 1 hour chart. So, um, yeah, looking now, we've zoomed into the 1 hour chart. You did get a chance here to enter on a little bit of a retrace. Depends how, you know, well you've drawn out your cup and handle. Obviously, [Music] um, your stop placing your stop loss, you the safest place to put your stop loss is obviously going to be outside of the handle low, which is here. Sometimes that's going to eat into your uh riskreward, but again, it's not really a trade worth taking if it retraces beyond the 50%. Because also, your stop loss is then going to have to be way down. If it say goes to the 618, which is going to be down here, it's just too big of a stop loss. So, the shallower the handle, the better, especially for your riskreward taking the trade. Same idea. If you measure the low, so you basically from your support to your resistance um duplicate that distance, you can target [Music] um that same distance. So, you know, with the stop loss being there, um it's only a 2.18. So, it is a swing trade. You could definitely risk a little bit more when you're playing the daily chart. You know, you might want to risk 3 4% of your portfolio on swing trade versus looking at trades on the one or the five minute chart. Um, I'm going to get rid of the bull bearish or the bullish cup and handle. We're going to look at a bearish version now. And you basically got the same kind of pattern. So, you've got this obviously upside down U pattern. You've got the handle with a high over here below the 50%. So a shallow enough handle that it makes it valid. You get a break of the support with momentum. So a big candle. Um again looking at the 4our I would jump to the 15-inute but I'll just lose everything so I'll not bother. But probably if you're watching this closely you're probably on the 15inut chart. You probably got a bit of a quick retest of the support. Now resistance you could have entered. Um again stop outside of the handle and take profit is the same distance as the cup. Um could have left a runner but you also like want to do your smart money concepts if you do that. If you know what know what that is, some of the things that we've already talked about, you know, you're still going to map out your your daily support and resistance. So to see where price, you know, might fall to.