Title: I Tested 7 Standing Desks To Find The Best One
Channel: 
Views: 413397
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=4F8VAo6Fe4w

I'm testing seven standing desks from seven different companies. I'm going to tell you what to look out for as someone who has over $6,000 worth of standing desks. Yeah, I've got a problem. So, I got some of these desks through sponsorships on the channel, and some of them I bought myself in my journey to find the perfect setup and the perfect standing desk. Out of the seven I've tested [music] so far, some are good, some not so good, and only a few are great. So today we're starting with the cheapest of the desks I tested, a $100 desk from a company called Juanuo. I didn't know that standing desk could actually get this cheap until recently. Normally they're in the $300 to $500 range, but out of curiosity, I bought one. I wanted to see what it was like. I wasn't expecting much considering the price, but when it arrived and I assembled it, I was actually pretty surprised. Before I get into the good though, it's definitely not perfect, as you can expect for the budget price. The legs on it are thinner than all the other desks I've tried, and that translates into it feeling a little more wobbly, especially at the highest range. It's just a little wobbly. Not to mention, the motor on it is laughably small, and it's only rated up to 176 lb, [music] which may seem like a lot, but when you add up the desk, the PC that's mounted to the table, and you start leaning on the desk, it starts to feel pretty weak. Not to mention, the material of the desk itself feels cheap. Now, I don't want to go too hard on the negatives. The thing is $100, but what surprised me the most is that it wasn't even that bad. I think I expected some rickety desk that would barely work, but instead it's passible. It even has cable management built into the back. The controller is super easy to use, and it has four presets for heights. That's good. It goes up and down and it works. Now, I wouldn't recommend it if you want something nice, but if you're going off to college or you need some desk on the side, you need something cheap and you're on a budget, it's not half bad. If you're looking for the best standing desk, make sure to check out what many consider the best office share of 2025, the Liberovo Omni, today's sponsor. The Omni is designed around the idea that your body is built to move, so your chair should move with you. Its Bionic Flex Fit back rest uses an electric motor to adapt to your spine in real time, keeping the ideal Scurve no matter how you sit. That means less back strain, healthier posture, and fewer aches after long hours. Your neck, shoulders, and arms also need to stay aligned, which is where the dynamic support system comes in. The seat, back rest, headrest, and armrest all move together. So when you recline, your eyes stay level with your screen and your arms stay supported, reducing neck strain and shoulder fatigue. Even with perfect posture, your spine needs movement to stay healthy. The Omni Stretch massage gently lifts your lower back to decompress your spine. The same principle physical therapists use to relieve disc pressure so you can release tension [music] and improve circulation. It also has four recline modes from 105° for focused work to 160° for full recovery. Each tuned to reduce muscle strain and keep your blood flowing. The breathable fabric prevents heat buildup on those hot days, while the multi-density cushion eases leg pressure when sitting for long hours, and the plush armrests reduce stress on your wrist and elbows. They also sent us the leg support, which makes sure your legs are fully supported whether you're sitting upright or reclining. There's a reason the Libra Novo Omni is being called the best office share of 2025 and after using it, I can see why. You can check out the Libren Novo Omni at the link below. This next desk is one we got probably like 6 years ago and it's held up super well, but it's also a tough one to recommend. This is the Jarvis standing desk we bought for Jake setup back in the day. We bought it because he's on the taller side and it said it could go pretty high. So, it looks great with the walnut colored laminate desktop, and we've never had any problems with the motors not working. One thing I will say, though, is that the desk size we ordered is way too small for a proper work set. At 48 in by 24 in, it's just a really tight setup to work on. There's not enough depth to comfortably place down your speakers on them without overlapping with your desk mat and the monitors. It's just too small. So, I definitely recommend to go bigger in width and depth, but especially depth. Although the desk is good, I can't really recommend Jarvis standing desk in general anymore because a couple years ago, Jarvis was acquired by Herman Miller. Now, I like Herman Miller, but the thing about Herman Miller is that everything is expensive. So, the prices on Jarvis desk have skyrocketed. It used to be in the $500 range, but now it's like $1,000 plus, which I wouldn't be upset if they upgraded the desk. Um, but they didn't. It's just a laminate desk. It's not even solid wood, which in my mind is quite a ripoff. So, in my opinion, there's better options out there. The next desk is pretty cool. I got it in 2023 when I needed a desk for my work setup. It's the Flexis Spot bamboo standing desk. They sent it to us in an exchange for making a short on it. And with the bamboo top, it retails at around $490. So, being made of bamboo, it's definitely different than the other desk that I've tried. The bamboo top is a lot more lightweight than its laminate counterparts, which makes it a lot easier to move around. I'm constantly like fiddling with my desk. So, I sort of like that. It looks slightly different, too, with the grain having more of a tropical look to it, like a banana, like you're at a tiki bar or something. Just kidding. I don't go to tiki bars. The edges on this desk are also slightly curved along the sides, giving it an interesting look. Sometimes the curves can make it difficult to see clamp things to your desk, but the curves here aren't too intense, and they're not very deep, so it hasn't been an issue for me yet. This lightweight design of the bamboo does come with some downsides though. For example, it scratches a lot easier than other materials, and you can see all the bumps and bruises it's acquired through the years. So, the legs that Flexis Spot offers on this E7 desk lineup are interesting. They're center mounted instead of being further back like on [music] other desks. This is nice because it makes it easier to do cable management. You can just access it from the sides instead of having to go under the desk or pull out the desk. It makes it easier and I like that. But the downside of center-mounted legs is that it's just a little easier to tip the desk towards you if you like to lean on your desk a [music] lot, especially if you're tall. Now, I am not tall. I'm only 5'2. I don't really have that problem, but I've been daily driving this desk for a couple years now, so no complaints here. If I did it all over again, though, I'd probably go for laminate or rubberwood, which Flexispot does offer on their website. Overall, the E7 lineup of desks is pretty solid. This next desk is one that I recently got through a sponsorship for my home setup and aesthetically I think it looks really good. It's the Vernal desk and it costs $460. So, there's a couple good things about this desk. I really like the overall design of it with the color of the walnut laminate. It looks good and it's nice and it's classy for most people. I think laminate is a good option for the desk material. It's sturdy and lightweight. It looks pretty good, but it's also pretty budget friendly, too, compared to going with a solid wood option. If you're looking for something even nicer or heavier, though, I would go with a butcher block or rubber wood for the desk. And if you really, really want to go fancy, you go for solid oak or even walnut, like our desk house desk that we use for filming videos, but the vernal laminate desk is a great middle ground. I also like the rounded edges of the desk, unlike the sharp edges of the Jarvis desk. As someone who is constantly bumping into everything, getting bruised all the time, hitting the sharp corner of a standing desk, I can tell you it's not fun. And then people start asking, "Oh, where'd you get that bruise? I hit a desk. Ah, it's embarrassing." The Verno desk also has a cable management tray that comes attached with the desk. And it's pretty easy to install. I definitely prefer it to the autonomous one that I mentioned earlier, and there's hooks on both sides of it. It's pretty nice, too. They're great for hanging headphones or even a backpack. Usually, you have to buy that stuff separately. So, I like that it's included. The controller that you use to raise or lower the desk is really hard to accidentally [music] hit into or raise and lower your desk because I do it all the time with this one. It's a little easier to put together than other desks since the holes are pre-drilled, which is [music] nice, but in my opinion, pretty much all standing desks are a pain to put together. It's a lot of work, which is why my husband does it, not me. So, don't believe anyone who says it would be easy or fast. They always take a long time, regardless if you spend $100, $500, or even $3,000. And unless you really want them, I would skip most of the accessories when buying a desk from a brand. Instead, I found that you can get something comparable off Amazon, usually for a better price. So, the 48 in by 30in size that we got for the vernal desk, in my opinion, is sort of a sweet spot for a home setup. The extra bit of depth goes a long way for monitors and speakers, and it makes everything just feel spacious, like you have a lot of room to work with. Now, if you want even more space, you could go for 55 in, which would be nice for a proper work setup. But if you want something a little nicer, I've got some thoughts here, too. So, out of all the desks I've bought, this next one was the biggest [music] splurge. I'm pretty sure it costs more than every desk in this video combined. So, it's the Desk House Apex Pro with a solid wood walnut top. M so nice. We picked up this desk because we wanted something really nice and really big for filming videos on. So, we got the 30inch by 72 inch size. And I have to admit, this table is absolutely gorgeous. It's from a real tree with all the little imperfections. They filled them up. And [music] it's it's just so nice. It's so nice. We treated it as a proper business investment because we wanted to film the desk in every single video. And hundreds of videos later, I can say the investment has paid off. But if I had to do it all over again, I'd do it a little differently. So, Desk House is often known as a premium brand because their standing desk come with four legs instead of two, which adds more stability, especially when desk gets really tall. And when you're buying such a huge solid wood top, you're going to want the extra support because if this thing tips over, oh, it's going to hurt. But I feel like my experience with the product over the past few years leaves a little bit to be desired. For example, during one of our moves, the controller on the desk broke, [music] which I'll admit was my fault and not theirs. But when we reached out to them to get a replacement, they just charged us $50 for a new controller, which if it was some cheap or middleof the road standing desk, I'd understand. But when you spend over $3,000 with a company on a premium desk, you expect a bit more of a white glove treatment. And I was hoping they'd just offer to replace it for free. Um, but they didn't, which is fine, but I paid a lot for this desk, so I wasn't super happy with that. But I bought the thing anyways. And lately, I've had some problems with the motors of the desk not working, where if I want to reach the upper ranges, I have to keep making it go up and down and up and down to get it to go up. It's definitely starting to have more and more issues pop up. And considering that we use it for filming all of our videos, it becomes a big headache dealing with the inconsistency of the motors. And the walnut table, while it looks gorgeous, is pretty tough to maintain. If you didn't know, wood is actually pretty fragile in that it gets scratched easily. Sometimes if you set down a product like a mechanical keyboard, it's just going to leave a nice scratch. The first week we bought this thing, I actually had a video where I was building a PC and I accidentally dropped a CPU with thermal paste on it and it left this nasty blotch on the table. So, no matter how much I tried to clean it, it just wouldn't come off. It's basically a part of the table now. I call it adding personality to the table. But at the same time, I sort of like all the character a piece of wood gets over the years. It really adds to the charm of it and all these scratches are features now instead of blemishes. So, it depends on what you're looking for in a desk. All I can say is that this is a forever desk and we are taking this everywhere we go to film all the videos. I mentioned that I would do something differently if I had to do it again and I think I'd buy the [music] legs and the wood top separately and I wouldn't get the desk house legs. So, this final desk is one I recently got from Flexispot. They wanted to sponsor an upcoming video for their new Flexis Spot E7 Plus. The E7 Plus is similar to a desk house desk in that it comes with four legs. So, ever since this one arrived, I've been pretty happy with it. The four legs are awesome because it makes the table ultra stable. And it can get so tall without having to worry about it falling over. Like way taller than you'd ever need. The legs come in at $500, which is nearly half the price of the desk house legs. But for some reason, Flexis Spot sent over this tiny little 4tx 2 ft top. So, the legs feel a little overkill for such a tiny desk. They barely fit. I also got the solid wood version of the desk, which is a little misleading in my opinion. While it's technically made of real wood that's solid, it's confusing because people will expect something like this deskhouse walnut desk when they read solid wood. Instead, it's actually a butcher block style desk. Butcher block is basically you have a bunch of small strips of wood and then you glue them together to form a top. So, this is a great way to buy a desk if you want something that's super sturdy and repairable, unlike laminate. But it's not just a big slab of wood, like you would expect when you read solid wood. Not to mention, the type of wood used is also a cheaper alternative, too. It's made from something called rubber wood. The grain on rubber wood is pretty boring, and the wood itself is a little softer and easier to scratch than other types of wood, but it's still a fantastic option, especially for the price. So, if you want a big sturdy desk, I'd go for the E7 Plus. And if you want to get one with a really nice solid wood top, I'd buy the solid top and then the frames from the E7 Plus separately and then combine them into your dream standing desk. But only if you're going the premium route. Otherwise, I think a laminate desk from a brand like Vernal or even Flexis Spot is a great call. But before buying, always look up which one has the best price and our coupon codes because there really isn't that much of a difference between all these desks. Let me know if you like this video and want to see me compare other types of products, too. >> [music]