Title: How ChartMath Finds Trading Opportunities: Complete Platform Demo
Channel: 
Views: 46
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=4sI4OI31vWI

Hello everyone. So this is a brief description of our app. So this starts with a discover screen. So we are here to screen for new stocks. This gives us a feed like uh Tik Tok or reals. We can just navigate them and then we can also have a look at strategies for a particular entries which has been recommended. So the strategies basically these are pre-screened strategies which we have back tested. These are the results and the metrics which can be useful to take trade decisions like this is 47% win rate. If I go along and keep a risk-to-reward of one to two and uh I can also navigate through the entries and which have occurred in the past. This is for going to previous. This is the return distribution of uh the previous performances. So as you can see most of the return is coming from this bar and there are other data points as well which have been processed. So this view is very unique to our app and this is past performances of the particular prescribed strategy. This is the discover view and uh this right now we are logged out. So there's also to add stocks to watch list, we might need to log in. I'm logging in with Google and uh this is the logging flow. It's very simple. Just sign in with Google or Apple or maybe create your own account. We have all the three options as of now. Let us wait for it to complete the login. As you can see, I am logged in. This is my watch list. Microsoft, Google, Amazon. These stocks exist. And then uh I can swipe as well to swipe through the watch list. Uh now we also have some predefined screens like in this one. Uh this is a dogei. So we are screening for dogei candles in the charts and this is the basic fundamental of the instrument. Again this also supports swiping. Uh let's go to a different screen. This is RSI overbought screen. The stock had entered here. And uh let's maybe have a look at another one. Five consecutive description is five consecutive reds as you can see 1 2 3 4 five reds in Apple and this is a list of uh this thing is loading for now and here are the alerts I have not yet subscribed to any alert for now and yeah this is the app overview