Title: Mastering the Cup and Handle Pattern: A Complete Guide
Channel: 
Views: 10548
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=7Eb6sdZWojA

In this video, we're talking about the cup and handle pattern, which is incredibly versatile, and it's not just for stocks. A lot of people think that this is just a stock market pattern. However, I can assure you that it works incredibly well in the forex market and other markets as well, which you're going to see by the end of this video. So, my goal with this video is to make you an expert on the cup and handle pattern. This is the only video you will ever need on this chart pattern. So, let's take a look here at this first chart and everything. Today, we're talking about the daily time frame. It can also work on the lower time frames. We'll get into that a little bit later in the video, but all this is on the daily time frame. So, first of all, let's take a look here at this uptrend. And I thought it would be kind of cool to walk through this pattern step by step to show you how you can identify it and talk about the various components of it. So, first of all, we have this uptrend here on GBPUSD. So, looking at this price action right here, this is what I want to focus on. And when you're just looking at a chart like this, it might be a little difficult to see, especially if you're not familiar with the cup and handle pattern. But this right here, okay, this price action through here, if in real time you were drawing a trend line off of these highs from back here, and it really doesn't matter if you draw it from this upper one or these highs over here, you're going to get essentially the same level. And so this is the price action that I want to focus on. So in real time, you would see this high back here and you would draw this trend line across these two highs. Okay? Now, the cup and handle pattern has three components to it. So the first one is going to be the cup or the rounded bottom in this case. And later in the video too, we're going to get into an inverted or inverse cup and handle pattern, which is, as you might guess, the inverse of this pattern. So, we have the cup over here, which is a rounded bottom, right? You want to see these lower lows and lower highs going into higher highs and higher lows. And then over here, we have the cup. Okay? So, this right here is the cup and handle. You can see that this up here is the neckline. So, essentially, like the name implies, it looks like a cup and a handle. Okay? So, let's go ahead and draw this on here. Um, just to kind of stay on track. So, we have this cup over here. So, up here from the neckline or thereabouts, if we draw a curved line through here like this and then do the same thing over here, right over here around where the handle is. Okay, you can see again this is, you know, essentially a cup and handle pattern, right? It looks like a cup and handle. Now, you've got the neckline up here across these highs and you have the breakout over here. So, that is straightforward enough, right? And the thing to note about a cup and handle pattern, a couple things here. First of all, it can be a bullish continuation pattern. So in this case, you have an uptrend. We got our cup over here. We got the handle and then the breakout. So it can be a continuation pattern or this can also occur at the bottom of a downtrend. So this can technically act as a bullish reversal as well. Also, if you had a market trending lower and then you got a cup and the handle, okay, and a neckline across here and then a breakout, it could also be a bullish reversal pattern as well. So, it is very versatile in that regard. And again, this works incredibly well in the forex markets, not just a stock market pattern. I hear a lot of people saying that the cup and handle is only for the stock market, and that is absolutely not true. It did get its start in the stock market. That is true, but it works very well in Forex, too. So, we've got our components outlined here. Again, this is going to be the cup. We've got the handle and the neckline. So, let's talk about time frames before we move any further because this is incredibly significant. So, what I want you to visualize here and and hang with me here. This might sound a little strange, but hang with me. And this is going to make all the difference in your trading. I promise you. So, we've got two candles over here. Okay. So, this candle on the left, let's call this a 1 hour time frame. Okay. So, this is the 1 hour. Trying to draw this with a mouse, not easy. We've got the 1 hour over here and we've got the daily over here. So, for all intents and purposes, the candles look identical, right? It's not like a 1 hour candle is smaller than a daily or anything like that. They look pretty much identical. But the big difference here is, and this might be common sense, but again, hang with me. This is going to make tons of sense. The 1 hour is going to have lower volume on average than the daily. And that's because the daily has 24 of these within it. Now, the thing you have to understand with volume and when it comes to candlestick patterns or chart patterns, it doesn't matter is that volume equals conviction. If there's one thing I want you to take away from the videos that I make, it's that volume equals conviction. What I mean by that is, think about it like this. Let's say you have a country with 1 million people living in it, right? You have two elections. One election you get 800,000 people coming out. The other election you have 10,000 people coming out. So between those two elections, which one is going to be a better representation of what the country wants? Obviously, if you have a country with 1 million people and you get 800,000 people coming out, that election is going to represent much better than the election with 10,000 people just because it's a higher percentage of the overall population, right? So think about the forex market or any market in the exact same way. every single candle, the more volume it has, the more it's going to represent the overall market's vote in terms of a breakdown or breakout. So that's what I mean when I say volume equals conviction. The higher the volume you have within a single candle, the more likely it is that that breakout or breakdown is going to hold. And that's why you see a lot of false breakouts on the lower time frame. So circling back to the cup and handle, how does this affect what we're doing today? it affects it because you want to try to find company handle patterns on the higher time frames, specifically the daily and weekly charts. Now, you could technically trade this on something like the 4 hour, but again, the lower you go, the less conviction you're going to have on this breakouts. Okay, so with all that said, let's take a look now at this specific pattern here. And note a couple of things. First of all, the neckline here can be horizontal. It can be ascending or descending. The key here though is that you don't want a neckline that has a very aggressive slope. So in this case with GBPUSD, if we had a neckline that looked like this, okay, or like this, that would not be valid. You want either horizontal or you want a very gradual slope to it. So this certainly checks out. Now the other thing about a cup and handle is that you want this uh handle portion over here. You want this consolidation to be relatively small compared to this rounded bottom. Okay? You don't want this coming down, you know, here in this area. Otherwise, it's not a cup and handle. You want to see a higher low develop. And this should also ideally, it's not always going to be the case, but ideally this over here should form a bull flag of sorts. Okay? So, a descending channel. So, looking off of these highs over here, you can see we've got a level across those highs and across here as well, we could make the case that that is in fact a bull flag. So, you can see that we essentially had two breakouts over here. One right here and the second one above that neckline. So, this is ideally what you want to see. Again, it's not always going to be the case, but this is a textbook cup and handle pattern where you get that bull flag, which is the handle of the pattern before you get the breakout above the neckline. All right, now let's talk about how to trade this cup and handle pattern. And next, we will get into an inverse uh cup and handle so you guys can see what that looks like there as well. So, looking at this pattern, I'm going to get rid of this line here just to kind of clean things up. We've got again the cup and the handle portion as well as the neckline. So the very first thing here is to go to a higher time frame. Again, you don't have to. If you do trade the lower time frames, that can work, but I have found in, you know, 10 plus years of experience that the higher time frames are going to produce better patterns and more reliable breakouts. So we have the higher time frame here, daily chart, so we're good there. We have a very clean rounded bottom, which is the cup. We have a bull flag, which is the handle into a um slightly sloped neckline. So everything checks out there. we're good to go. Now, the very next thing to do is to wait for a confirmed breakout. Now, the confirmed breakout here is specifically this portion over here. Now, in this case, we did get a very small candle here. This was actually January 1. Um, so that's why you see that very small candle there, but essentially the breakout occurred right over here in this area and especially on this candle right here. But you can see where over multiple days we did get that confirmed breakout. And this is the best kind of breakout where you get multiple days closing above. You see the market respecting this area as new support. So that is step two. You want to wait for the market to confirm the breakout with multiple candle closes above that neckline. Now the very next thing to do, okay, step three is going to be to look for an entry and set our stop loss. Now technically you want to do you want to enter the market, you want to set a stop loss and also your targets all at the same time. But we're going to break this up into two steps talking about the entry and stop loss and then we'll talk about how to set targets and the objective. So looking at the entry here, uh you want to try to enter on a retest of the neckline. Now you're not always going to get a retest like this of the neckline down here. Um but this is ideal because two things. One, it's going to help you kind of define your stop loss in this area. And you'll see what I mean in a second. But it's also going to give you a much better risk-to-reward ratio. If you were entering up here, you'd have to have a very large stop-loss and then at that point, your risk-reward ratio is really going to suffer on this trade. So, you ideally want to look for a retest of this neckline down here. So, we got that here on these candles. So, in real time, right, if we're being realistic about this, this retest right here is where you probably would have entered. Okay? And obviously, if you had seen it later, you could have gotten in down here somewhere, but this candle right here, this retest, is probably where you would have been getting in. So, let's go ahead and change this to a green color. Make this a little bit larger so we know that that's our entry. Now, the stop loss, okay, let's drag this down and talk about the stop loss because the stop loss for this instance here would go below the breakout candle. Now, you always want it to go below the breakout candle. But let's talk about this here for a second because what if you had a candle that was like this, right? And you had the low was just below the neckline. In that case, you would want to go two candles back. Okay? So, if this was your other candle here, you'd want to go two candles back. And the reason for that is because you don't want to suffocate the trade. You want to give the market as much room as possible to work out in your favor. So, if you're trying to get in with a really tight stop loss just below the neckline, in this case, you would have seen you would have gotten stopped out. Okay? So, your stop loss goes below the breakout candle, which we're going to call this over here the breakout candle because it technically was. All right? So this down here is going to be our stop loss. All right. So let's make this a red color. And now let's talk about targets. Okay. So in this example, we're going to have to go way out here and go all the way back to this price action. So a couple of things with targets. First of all, I always like to have multiple targets on any trade because that way I can really control my profit in a trade. I'm not just waiting for the market to hit one specific order and it's kind of, you know, make or break in that point. Uh I can lock in profit along the way. Now, looking at this example, we've got several lows back here in this area that we could use as potential targets. So, the first one comes in over here, right? We've got this low down here. Easy enough. And you can also see that we have some lows in this area as well, right? So, this gives you a pretty broad range based on this price action back here. But sometimes that's the case, right? So, you could treat this as two targets, right? You got one down here and one up here. So, this is our cup and handle over here. You've got this first target right here, second target up here, and you can see that that was pretty close to the top, right? That would have played out really nicely. Now, another thing to keep in mind with the cup and handle, and this is very similar to a head and shoulders pattern where you do have a measured objective that you can use as well to help you out. Now, like everything, there's no guarantee that the the objective is always going to be reached, but in this case, it did. And so, let me show you how you come up with that measured objective. So, what you do here is you take the height of this pattern. Now, disregard this curved line because that's technically not the low. The lows are right through here. Okay? So, we're going to take a trend line here and we're going to draw this straight up to the neckline. So, that is the height of the pattern. Again, we're taking it from these lows over here. So, specifically this low and this low. All right. So, that's the height of our pattern. And if we take that same level, copy this over, drag it over here to the breakout point. Remember, just like with the head and shoulders, I'm not I'm not dragging it from here. I'm dragging it from that breakout point over there. And that's going to matter if this level is sloped. If your neckline is sloped. Now, if it's horizontal, it's not going to matter. But if this level is sloped like this one is, then this is going to make all the difference. Okay? So, in this case, we have the height of the pattern over here, right? So, that's straightforward enough. Then, we have the breakout point right here. We're drawing higher from that point right there. Same distance. And this up here would be your objective. Now, you can see that it was kind of right in the middle of these two areas. So, what you could do on this trade is we know that these two levels up here are previous swing lows, right? Which could be potential targets for this cup and handle pattern. So, you've got target one right here. You've got target two up here. And you've got your measured objective here. So, you could theoretically have three targets on this trade. And that's something that I would absolutely do because I always try to have at least two targets. All right. All right, so I hope you guys are still with me with all of that. Let's go and take a look at the inverted or inverse cup and handle pattern. And this is essentially like an upside down cup and handle, right? So it's going to be very similar. Um, in fact, trading this is identical to trading the traditional cup and handle. Um, now if you guys are enjoying this video too, be sure to subscribe to the channel and smash that like button because I've got videos like this coming out every single week. All right, so let's take a look here at this chart, this downtrend. Now, same GBPUSD daily time frame. So you can see that these patterns do occur often in the forex market. Don't make the mistake of thinking that they're only a stock market pattern. All right. So lower highs, lower lows, right? At first glance, where the heck is this inverted cup and handle and you're going to see it here in a second because it becomes very obvious once we draw our levels. So again, as you spend time with these patterns, you're going to get familiar with them and spotting them is going to become almost second nature, right? So in this case, we had the cup over here and we have the handle right here. Now, this was a relatively small handle. However, it still absolutely qualifies. And in fact, if you look at something like this on, let's say, the 12-h hour time frame or the 8 hour time frame, uh it's going to be even more pronounced and look like that inverted cup and handle pattern. So then across this low over here, I'm going to snap it right to the low. You can see right across here we have this neckline pattern. All right, so let me just change this up here and you can see there we go. Now, personally guys, I think this should have been called the igloo pattern because to me this looks like an igloo more than an inverted cup and handle. U but so be it, right? Call it what you want. So now that we have this on our chart, right? And this is the opposite of the cup and handle where we have a downtrend here for GBPUSD into this inverted cup and handle and we have our neckline across here across the loads. So, it's just the opposite of what we just did, right? We have our pattern. All of that checks out. We have in this case our confirmed breakdown right here on this candle and it was really confirmed here on this second one. We then have the retest as new resistance in this case, right? So, we'd be looking to essentially enter short through here on the retest. And in this case, our stop loss, this is the breakdown candle. Um, and so our stop loss would go above here. Now, the thing I want to note about big candles like this, larger candles, is that they do offer a little bit more flexibility, meaning that you don't always have to go above this candle. If the breakdown candle or breakout candle is very large relative to candles around it, um, you could get away with a little bit tighter stop-loss, I would maybe say above this high right back here. So, something like this, but I really wouldn't get, you know, further down the I would not start getting within the body of this candle. um because you're just playing with fire at that point and there's a good chance you're going to be stopped out prematurely. So, in this case, your entry would go through here on that retest and your stop loss, you know, somewhere up here in this area. Again, you've got a little bit of flexibility there with that larger candle. And as for the targets, in this case, you'd look back in the market and find um some lows to work with, which you can see that going all the way back here, we've got this low uh right through here. So, if we snap a level off of this low, drag it over, you can see that this would have been our first target. And look at that. Would have been hit perfectly. Now, obviously, the market ran quite a bit further than that, but that's, you know, the way it goes sometimes. One thing you could do here, too, a quick like this here, that low that we just looked at. If you're going to take a full profit down here, what you could do is leave, you know, let's say 20% of the position on, just make sure you trail your stop loss down, you know, let's say you enter up here, trail your stop loss down as the market moves in your favor in order to lock in stuff like this. Now, you might have even stopped out on this little move here, but the bottom line here is that if you don't want to take the full position off at these targets, you can always leave a little bit on. Just make sure to trail your stop loss. Now, let's wrap up here talking about the measured objective. Okay? And as you might have guessed, it's going to be taking the height of this pattern. All right? So, from the neckline down here up here to the highs, usually something conservative like this through here. All right? So, I'm going to take this now, drag it over from the breakdown point. Again, this is a horizontal neckline, so it really doesn't matter as much. Um, but just for practice, we're going to use the breakdown point. And you can see that this over here would have been the objective. So again, this would have been just below that low that we just looked at back here, right? So this would have been your first target over here, that low, and the measured objective was quite a bit lower than that. And this was an incredible trade. Um, even if you had booked all of your profit here, even though the market went lower than this, you know, this would have been an incredible trade because essentially from the breakdown point, this point over here, down here to this first target, it's over 300 pips. Down here to the measured objective, it's almost 500 pips and your stop loss would have been up here somewhere around 130 pips or so. So, you can see the potential there with these cup and handle patterns and also the inverse cup and handle. There is a lot of money to be made if you understand the pattern and know how to trade it. like we discussed in this videos. And don't make the mistake of thinking this is only a stock market pattern because it is absolutely not. Now, if you guys want even more, be sure to check out the free PDF I put together in the description of this