Title: I Studied the Top 100 Stocks... The Results Shocked Me (VCP Pattern)
Channel: Financial Wisdom
Views: 23247
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=9gX--m5Bo30

In today's video, we showcase an interesting study I've done on the top 100 performers of the last 12 months. I checked the charts of these winners for the volatility contraction patterns, VCP, and the data amazed us. The idea behind this study is simple. Would you have enough trading opportunities if you focused on only one setup to trade? That's an important question to answer because for most struggling traders, the information overload is frustrating. Too many successful traders, too many styles, indicators, and patterns. To top it all, the emotional stress of trading with real money makes it even more overwhelming. That's why it's important to step back and go slow. It's better to learn and grow slowly than to fail quickly and leave. As a beginner, if you were just trading clean VCP breakouts with no other setup, no other strategy, how would you have fared? Let's find out in this study. The advantage of trading VCPs is that they take their own time to develop and therefore help you avoid rushed trades. You can take your time to follow stocks and observe price movements before pressing the trade button. To trade VCPs, we first lay down the basic scanning ground rule. We look for stocks that are up the most from their 52-week lows. We add some more filters like the market cap being over $100 million, dollars price above $1, and dollar volume above $10 million dollars to weed out illiquid microcaps and further shorten the scanned list. If you run this list in a raging bull market, you will get several hundred names to screen. If that's the case, we pick the top 10% of the performers to look for VCPs. However, if you're scanning at the start of a bull run, you won't get that many names, which will make your job easier. That's also the best time to be trading VCPs as many stocks emerging strong from a bear market or correction tends to lead the market and deliver multi-bagger gains. On the other hand, in a bear market or severe correction, this list will be even shorter with no good setups to trade. Even if you find some setups, you should avoid trading them because the best of the setups fail frequently in bear markets. Next, we set the ground rules for clean VCPs. We look for VCPs with at least three contractions, narrow ranges within each contraction, and clear tightness on the right side of the base before the breakout. Our focus is on clean, obvious setups that are easy to identify. By maintaining strict criteria for setup quality, we avoid forcing trades in stocks with choppy and erratic price action. Next, the last contraction should not be too deep. Prefer setups with a last contraction depth lower than 2x the average daily range or ADR of the stock. So, if the ADR is 5%, the last contraction must not be deeper than 10%. This allows for manageable and logical stop losses when stops are placed at the low of the last contraction. Next, the entry is assumed to have happened not more than 5% from the breakout level, which is the high of the last contraction. When a breakout happens with a gap up, you could enter on the break of opening range highs on 1-min, 5-minutes, or the 1-hour candle. Also, the entry must allow for a stop loss of less than 10% when the stop is placed at the low of the last contraction. If the low of the last contraction is more than 10%, we can place the stop below the low of the breakout day if it allows for a stop loss of less than 10%. When entering on opening range highs, the stop will be placed at the low of the day. Next, we prescribe the exit rules. We use the 10-day and 20-day exponential moving averages or EMAs as trailing stops to manage and exit winning positions. To eliminate subjectivity from the process, we apply a rules-based approach based on the stock's average daily range or ADR. For fast-moving stocks with an ADR of 10% or higher, we use the 10-day EMA as the trailing stop, allowing us to lock in gains in quick movers. For slower-moving stocks with an ADR below 10%, we use the 20-day EMA, giving the position more room to fluctuate without being prematurely stopped out by normal price movements. With the basic rules now defined, let's get to the results of the study. The top 100 performers of the last year had 36 clean, tradeable VCPs. 33% of these occurred in August and September 2025 in raging bull markets. 22% happened in January when the market stabilized post the November fall, and 17% occurred in April 2026 when the market recovered from the February to March dip. Expectedly, the correction months of November, December, February, and March together accounted for 11% of VCP setups. The data confirms that the absence of setups in correction is a natural savior for patient swing traders because no setups means no trade. The average risk across all trades was 6%, while the average return was 69%. That's over 11x risk-to-reward ratio. Some of the best performers were SNDK, IREN, ALMS, DELL, MXL, and AIP. As is always the case, most of these stocks were from the leading themes, including AI, data centers, and semiconductors. Before we look at some of the best setups, it's important to acknowledge that this analysis suffers from survivorship bias because we are examining top-performing stocks in hindsight. However, a disciplined trader who focuses only on clean VCP setups would likely have captured some of these trades in real time. Even if such trades accounted for only a small percentage of total positions, while the rest produced break-even results or small losses, the portfolio could still generate exceptional returns. That is often how top traders achieve triple-digit gains. A small number of outsized winners drive the majority of profits, while many other trades contribute little or even lose money. As Calamaki puts it, "Most of my money comes from a few big winners, maybe 10 to 20% of my trades." He also emphasizes, "Aim for 10 to 50x risk multiples. If you need a 60% win rate, your setups suck." Therefore, if you look for clean A+ setups and don't force trades, even a few of these stocks could have given a massive boost to the account. Let's now look at some examples from the study. Here is SNDK from August 2025. The stock was up 70% from its April low and formed this perfect clean VCP with three contractions. The first one was 19% deep, the second was 12% deep, and the third was 7% deep. The breakout happened at $46.50 with a stop loss at $43, a 7% risk. The stock took off and respected the 10-day EMA throughout this move. It had an ADR of above 10% here, so the right trading stop would have been the 10-day EMA. The stock closed below the 10 EMA here at $196, a 325% move. That's a whopping 46X risk to reward ratio. Let's look at another VCP in MRVL. In this clean VCP, there were three contractions. The first one was 30% deep, the second was 10% deep, and although the third one was 14% deep because of bad market days, it recovered quickly and broke out on high volumes. The entry would have been at opening range highs in this gap up 3% risk. If you trailed it with a 10 EMA because of its over 10% ADR here, the exit would have been at $285, a 170% return. That's a 56X risk to reward ratio. Another interesting chart was Dell. The stock was 130% up from its lows and formed this VCP with three contractions. The first one was 35% deep, the second was 11% deep, and the third was 7% deep. With a risk of 7%, the trade ended up delivering a 170% return, a good 21X risk to return on the trade. Here are more charts with the VCPs marked along with entries and exits. Feel free to pause and grasp the characteristics, which will help to recognize them quickly and correctly whilst trading. It's always best to study more winners from the past because you must know everything about the winning setups and conditions prevailing when those setups were formed. You must make a note of what the market was doing when the setup formed, which theme the stock belonged to, how the fundamentals looked, and what the catalyst was. By doing this consistently, you train yourself to recognize potential home run opportunities and distinguish A+ setups from mediocre ones. As a result, when the market offers an abundance of opportunities, you can allocate your capital more effectively and prioritize the highest quality trades. If you're looking for software and a community dedicated to finding high-quality breakout opportunities, join us using the links below. You can also download my free ebook where I share the strategy I've used successfully for decades. As always, thanks for watching.