Title: 5 Powerful O'Neil Patterns + Secret VCP Multibagger Strategy (NSE)
Channel: 
Views: 3273
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=_bfrNC1NQZw

Look at this tight base, quiet price action but no excitement. And then after a pivot point, boom, the price action happened and stock made around 5x. Now look at this chart. Same quite price action forming a decent base with a move of around 8x. These are not random pattern. These are repeatable patterns. So today in this video I'm going to show you five powerful chart pattern which William O'Neal has talked about and also one secret VP strategy which Mark Minovini has discussed about in his book. Hey everyone, my name is Gorav and welcome to the channel. By end of this video you will learn two important thing. First you will understand what are the key characteristics to look into any of the chart patterns and second which is the most important one that how to enter into that stock and how to place your stop loss. Now we'll try to keep it very simple. We'll focus on weekly chart because I personally feel that weekly chart is a king chart. It reduces noise. It reduces all the randomness. I will also share some of the current examples showing how the chart pattern being formed in those stocks and if I have to enter into those stocks, how will I plan my entry and exit and everything and at the end of the video I will share you the PDF version of the checklist which will help you to quickly go through and identify those pattern. With that let's break this down step by step. Now first thing which I want to talk about is the context which is non-negotiable pattern filter. So as I said right we are going to discuss about the pattern but there will be some context behind those pattern without these context I am not interested even if the pattern is formed on a chart. The first one is bullish pattern which means prior uptrend of 30 to 100% before the base being formed. So all the patterns which we will discuss today are bullish pattern which means we want to see a uptrend and then the base formation should happen. Okay. So let me explain with an example. So if you see this chart, Power India, Hitachi Energy. So if you see this stock is pretty much in long-term uh uptrend right and if this is the base which I'm interested in for example then I want to see a uptrend of this kind right which should be more than this one is 200% but we need at least 30 to 40% or greater than that right okay so that's the first thing second thing is work best in early stage trend okay so I'll go again back to par India uh we want to identify the chart pattern in the early stage so for example if you see this is the long-term chart pattern the after a good uptrend the first base or second base or max to max third base we want to be a part of. But basically there is a stage analysis something like this where the stock goes up right that is a stage two then it hover here which is probably a stage three and then it goes back as a stage four right and then it hover here again which is a stage one and then goes up stage two so pretty much this is the cycle every time the chart moves right so I'll take an example to explain you so for example loris lab right so this is the stage pretty much stage four right when the stock was you know declining this is the stage four then it formed a stage one which is a kind of hovering and going up but chopping around right and then it formed a stage two and then again it formed a stage three. So where the distribution is happening here on the bottom right where you see the chart uh here and the volume along with it and then it went into the stage four right. So we want a a pattern to identify when the stock is entering into stage two or in early phase of stage two. So somewhere around here and if currently loris lab which started stage two somewhere here stage four then we want somewhere around this or this or this we want to be in early phase of the trend not the end of the trend otherwise you know even if the chart pattern is there probability of filling that chart pattern is high because you are pretty much late into that. Third one is stock type which is we want the leaders which are pretty much in one month high, 3 month high, six month high performers. Sector should be strong. We don't want to be a part of the stock where the sector is not you know in line. When the sector is in trend it mean the stock is trending up which means the stock was already in a bullish uptrend before forming a base. The next bit is earning or catalyst. We want to be a part of the stock where where we see some kind of earning and catalyst. We don't want to randomly enter into some random stock. And the last but not least a market. It's best to identify these stocks in a bull or the early phase of bull market. Um like from past at least an year we in Indian market is pretty much choppy or downtrend. Even if the pattern is being formed there those patterns are not being rewarded well by the market. So hence we want to identify these patterns when the market is in bullish phase. So net to net whenever we see the pattern we want to have these context in the background so that that so that the probability of that pattern to succeed increases because there is a context behind it. With this let's go to the first chat pattern which is cup and handle. So theoretically uh it's basically looks like a cup and then the handle formation. Okay. So first let me discuss about the theory. Uh then we'll discuss lot of examples. If you see the image uh there is a prior uptrend. Okay. And then there's a base formation. So we see a depth and the base formation happening and then we see the handle formation at the right side of the base. Now there are some characteristics which I want to talk about before we discuss into the practical examples. The first one is the prior strong the prior uptrend which I mentioned should be at least 30% or above. So and the second is duration. So we want to see this base formation happening at least 6 weeks or more than that. Okay less than 6 weeks it's it's basically not a cup and handle because we need some time to cuff formation and then the handle formations. So ideal I have seen is around 12 weeks or 15 weeks but it should be minimum 6 weeks or more than that. Shape of the cup should be uh rounded. It shouldn't be V-shaped and we want depth of 15 to 35 correction. Now this is important handle characteristic because this is where our entry will happen. So you need to understand this very properly. So handle duration could be more around 2 to 7 weeks. Okay. So basically less than the cup formation. We want handle structure around slightly downward or drifting. We also want to see the handle depth which is around 8 to 15% of pullback not more than that. We want to see handle position must form in upper half of the cup. That is very important and volume should be dried in the handle and this handle should be above our 10 to 11 moving average. Okay. Now with this let's go to the practical examples. The first I want to talk about the coin shipyard. So if you compare with the characteristics it pretty much align with everything the same. We have a prior uptrend. Okay. So after a long period of base a breakout happened and then there is a prior uptrend which is more than from the bottom more than 128%. And I said minimum should be 30%. Then we see a good cup formation happening right uh and the base uh and the cup is U-shaped not a V-shaped right the depth of the cup I say around 30 35%. This one is around 39% which is fine. And then uh and the right of the side of the base when the cup started moving right side if you see here uh the volume started coming in a decent good volume started coming in and then at the right side the base I see the handle being formed right. So if you see here this is the handle of 3 to four weeks right and it is a drifting down which is very important we want to see the you know handle being going down. So that is the best thing and then the depth of the handle is hardly around 9 to 10% again aligned to our characteristic and the handle is being formed in the upper half of the cup. So if this is the cup and if you see approximately if this is the half of the cup then the upper half of the cup the handle is being formed and the handle is being formed above 11 weekly ma. this yellow EMA which you see is 11 weekly EMA. Okay. Now, how to do the entry which is important part right? So if I just go in replay mode and I'll go to this candle and to show you how to entry is happening right. So let's say in weekend we have done the scanning and we identified the stock somewhere around here. By the way every bit of a scanning be it for the swing as well as for the core I've already discussed in detail in this videos these two videos. So what I'll do is basically there are two ways. So let the handle being formed. Okay. So this is the trend line which I use. So from the top of the handle I simply create a trend line you know touching all the three highs of candle or all the candles and then breach of that trend line will become entry point. So basically this candle should get be your entry point somewhere around this candle. Okay. Now there are if you don't know how to use a trend line then you can simply use a horizontal line also. So the basically top of this candle will become your entry point which is around let's say 356. The only benefit which you use using a trend line is that you get little early entry which is around 332. This is your entry will happen and also the volume if you see which is a very much attractive very high volume. So every breach or every breakout of this handle should have a very strong volume. Okay. And then after that all you have to do is simply trail 11 weekly MA. You don't have to do any adventure. You simply trail 11 weekly MA. And after that the stock has given it almost 8x. Even if you have sold here it might have given you around um 5.5x. Okay. Second example is a force motor. So force motor this again I played it in my core uh you know last year. So again a prior uptrend a cup cup is being formed. The depth of the cup is around 40% which is okay. Depth could be little higher but we more important is for us to handle characteristic right. It shouldn't be more than 2 to 7 weeks. So if you see this handle is hardly 5 weeks then you see uh there is a you know depth of the handle is hardly around 14% which is fine and then we want to see a shallow volume. So volume is pretty much contracted here in the handle and the entry could be again either you create a trend line and this candle could be your entry point or you simply create a horizontal and this candle could be your entry point. You can also time it time your entry using a daily chart. So you can switch to a daily chart. And if I go here, you can simply time it at this candle or this candle is up to you. Um if if you want to switch it. So I simply create a trend line um you know on weekly chart and let the trend line reach happen. I simply enter and after that we simply trail here. So that became 2x here. Now current market if I like the one which I'm currently uh tracking uh is the Fruden Fruden farm again a very strong uptrend C formation is continuing is happening here and there is a handle formation here right now all I have to do is uh simply create a trend line on the from the top of this okay um maybe whenever I see a green candle with a good volume I can simply enter here now the cup and handle pattern is a very strong pattern and I find this pattern very easy to spot if you need a one pattern to practice again and again This can become your bread and butter pattern. With this we'll go to the next one. Now the second pattern which I want to talk about is high tide flag. This is probably the rank one chart pattern. Now let's quickly discuss the theory. So basically want a prior uptrend uh and that should happen in very short period of time like you know 3 weeks 8 weeks. Price behavior uh it should be almost near vertical move uh minimal pullback or no pullback. It means there is a very massive demand uh from the institutions and they are trying to accumulate almost any price. We want a very strong volume also. We want to have some kind of a strong earning or sector or catalyst behind that move. Flag structure we want to have a we want to see a narrow price range of volume should be dried up. The flag depth not more than 10 to 25% max and duration should be 3 to 5 week or 7 weeks or around. Right? Um the idea of this entire flag pattern and why it is very highly ranked because we want to see a urgency in the price move. Right? So the first leg which you see the prior uptrend of 100 120% it means institutions are quite in hurry to accumulate the stocks. Okay. Now there is a small consolidation happening of the flag which means some of the retail investors are exiting the stock because they wanted to book the profit of the previous you know move and then institution is again jumping into that stock. Now let me show you quickly the practical examples. So the first example which I wanted to show you is a cupid. So if you see this one right the stock moved up and then the handle formation is happening. So this was a quite urgent move. So if you see the volume volume was pretty much strong there are lot of a high tar bar which is a high institutional accumulation of 89 million 86 million kind of a shares being traded here. Okay. And the move was approximately 116%. So that kind of move happened in 5 weeks. Okay. So as per the characteristic which I showed you it should happen it quite urgently and quickly. So within the five six week the stock moved 100%. And after that the handle formation is being happening of 3 weeks approximately this one and this handle is pretty much tight. Okay. So it's very less distribution happening. If you see in the volume we don't see much of the purple bar very low distribution of the volume. So how the entry will plan? Entry will be very simple. We will either create this trend line and we'll try to enter in this candle. Okay. So on this candle or if as I said you don't understand the concept of trend line then simply create a horizontal line so at least the wick which you have entered or at this candle or if you have skip all these three basically this candle okay and after that again a stock moved to approximately around 185%. Okay, so this is a perfect example of a flag pattern, right? Same stock has formed another you know high tide flag here. So this was pretty much in downturn and suddenly due to some reason the start you know the volume started coming in and chart uh the stock getting accumulated and we see the quick move. So this move was not as strong as that one but it still gave around 93% kind of move in hardly around 6 to 7 weeks. Okay. And then this formed a 3 week of flag. Okay. And this is where we want to enter. So either again you create a trend line here on the bottom and the breach of that trend line with a decent volume candle which is again you see the green candle pocket pivot volume candle you could have entered here or if if not that one you simply create a horizontal trend line you could have entered either these two candle let me show you another example and this example is a US-based example so I know uh some of you might not be trading into the US stocks but from the concept point of view I want to show you because this is recently I traded and this is a perfect example of flag which we generally talk about. Okay, this is a SanDisk corporation and recently after a big move of 500% move, right? And and that's the that's the another thing which I want to highlight right sometime we tend to see a stock moving 100 200 500% return and then we tend to think that okay stock has already moved uh what's the point of entering into that stock but trust me this are these are those stocks which give you a massive return as I showed you in the previous image this is a highly ranked chart pattern right after 500% return it formed a flag a decent pullback around its 11 weekly MA and it formed a flag of around 7 weeks. Okay. And then his chart moved and after that again a breach. Even if I you know do the straight line entry here. From here also I have went up gap at around 150% kind of return. So irrespective of the market the concept will always be remain same. A very massive uptrend then a very shallow pullback or a tight contraction of around 3 to seven week of candles. And then we have to time our entry using a trend line or horizontal line or on a daily chart. If you want to switch to daily chart and then simply trail 11 weekly EMA. So as of today for example I want I see a similar chart pattern being formed in national almonium. Of course this stock is not a fundamentally triggered. This is more of a a commoditydriven stock. But again to show you the concept the chart pattern of perfect move of approximately 119%. Okay. And then a very nice consolidation is happening. If you see the volume here pretty much gone. I don't see a lot of purple bar except the one where the handle uh flag is started and this flag I would simply time using a trend line here right so the moment I see a breach of this trend line with a good volume pocket pivot volume green volume I will enter and after that you simply trail your 11 weekly EMA okay the next chart pattern which I want to talk about is flat base uh this is the most simplest one to identify so it it means the stock or price action is moving into is moving in a tight consolidation for 3 to 5 weeks. Uh depth shouldn't be more than 10 to 15%, generally I see the depth around [clears throat] 10 to 15%. And we want to see volume should be drying it. Okay. And this chart pattern basically occur when uh from after the first breakout, a prior breakout. Okay. Uh for example, the cup and handle chart breakout has happened and stock moved more let's say 50 60%. And after that a tight consolidation or a flat base being formed. Okay. So let me show you an example because that will make these concepts very much clear. So the first let me show you a GVTD. Okay. So for example something like this. So stock basically formed a good up this uh trend right and then stock pretty much drifting towards uh in a tight consolidation box. Okay. So this is what I want to see a very small tight base or box formation and the breach of this which will be at this candle. I want to see and parally if you see here in the bottom the volume is pretty much dried up. there are a lot of pocket pivot volume that again interesting bit and everything is happening above 11 weekly MA 10 weekly MA so that is what we want to see it has not moved very drastically it has moved around 46 45% yet the second one for example is cupid so once the this flat pattern which I've already discussed okay uh after that multiple flat base will be formed so somewhere around here for example around five five weeks base here after that stock moved again formed a consolidation box here again stock moved and again It's forming right now a consolidation base here in the cupid. Okay. So these could be your um second entry zone or for example somehow you have missed missed this uh move then this could be your entry zone. Okay. Because this is a tight riskreward is very much favorable and this could be your entry zone for any of the trending stock. Basically this chart pattern occurs when the initial breakout has happened from a big base of cup and handle flag or any other pattern and then a tight consolidation of three to five week that base formation is happening above 11 or 10 weekly MA and then that could be your second entry zone if you have already entered into the first base or not then that could be your first entry point also. Okay. So currently for example uh in a cupid as I showed you it's currently forming that chart pattern um which is pretty much tight four weeks of candle after a big move. Okay. It's little late based so I'll be a little bit careful. Uh but still if it happens if the breakout happen with some decent volume I don't mind entering into it. Okay. So next chart pattern which I want to discuss is double bottom chart pattern. Uh this chart pattern matches with W. So it's a shapes like a W and again it should have a prior uptrend uh as I always say right um prior uptrend of 30% above uh structure looks like W shape. So we and the key characteristic of this the second bottom should undercut the first bottom and the pivot point would be at the uh middle of the W. So you see here middle of the W pivot that becomes our entry point. Okay let me show you an example here. This is uh so one example which I see is in PGL. So PGL I think in 2021 around that phase right uh stock was an uptrend it formed a first leg and then it formed a second leg and if you see the second leg second leg is pretty much undercutting the first leg right it's it's just undercutting the first leg so that is what we want to see and after that entry could be the uh W here so this could be our entry tight consolidation this could be our entry point another one which I want to show you is an Irene so Irene again a US-based stock uh but uh you know when the stock was forming this W pattern undercutting the Second leg is undercutting the first seven and the entry could be at the top of this here where this consolidation is happening and the breakout happened and after that you could have entered here. Okay. And the last chart pattern which is probably the most important one which I want to talk about is volatility contraction pattern. Now volatility contraction pattern is not just a pattern. It's more of a behavior of any stock. It is it has a key characteristic where your you know shrinking pullback is happening on declining volume. It was highly popularized by Mark Minowini in his book it trade like a market wizard and trade like a market champion. Although it was highly popularized by Mark Minovini but I think it was being used by Richard Woff. Uh he used to call it as a wave pattern which carries a very high success rate and it basically has a squeeze of pullback before the breakout happen and since the squeeze become very tight and tight when you move to the right side of the base and that is why you know the chart explode or the pattern explodes. Now there are two types of uh this chart pattern. See this image. The first one is type A which is horizontal resistance base best setup where you have a flat top and rising lows. Okay. And then there is a clear breakout level in this one and a strong supply absorption. So I'll explain you what exactly I mean. And the second type in VCP you have a symmetric contraction. Okay. Where it basically forms a triangle kind of a stuff. It has a lower high lower lows and is slightly weaker than A but it is still tradable. So what I mean is if you see my screen now something like this the type A is there is a simple straight line okay and then you have a contraction happening here okay and then breakout happened here right so it's basically something like this okay where you have a first pullback second pullback third pullback probably fourth pullback and then the breakout is happening here at after very tight consolidation okay and then there is a type two where you have something like this which is a first pullback back then you have a second pullback then you have a third pullback then you have fourth pullback and then breakout happening here. So this is something like a I'm sorry for a bad drawing but basically something like this where you have you know very tight consolidation is happening in a symmetric this thing and this is also we call as a VCP where volatile is contraction I prefer this one but this one is also tradable these are the two types and I will discuss both the examples okay so let's quickly see the key characteristic again we want a prior repent of 30 to 100% before the base we want that contraction squeeze so something like this for example the first contraction is of 33% % then second contraction should be around 16%, third contraction let's say 10% and last contraction let's say 3 to four 5%. Okay so that's the ideal final contraction which is very tight of 3 to 5%. Now volatility that each pullback becomes smaller than the previous the tightness final stage should show a very tight price action near highs and duration typically around 3 to 12 weeks depending upon what stage the stock is in. Okay so let's now quickly uh let me show you some examples. Okay. So the first example which I traded and still in my portfolio is silo techch. So this was one chart a type two chart pattern which you see here. So stock moved up. Okay. You see the prior uptrend and then you see the contraction is happening from both side. So here also you see the first uh you know pullback happened after that second pullback happened and third pullback which is pretty much tight here. Right? So this or probably this candle which means this candle or this candle could be your entry point. Then after that you simply trail your 11 weekly EMA and let the stock move. The second one which I want to show you is Tangame jewelry. Again the type two pattern which you see here. So it formed a very big you know base here. Then another base here the third contraction. So T1, T2, T3. And if you see in every contraction the contraction is lowering down right? So this is 35%. This one is hardly 22% and then is hardly around around 11%. Okay, so that's what we want to see and after that this candle or maybe this candle. This could be your entry point. Okay, and this again can be timed using a daily chart. Let me show you another example. Uh it's a little old example but it's still relevant which is a type one. So this is simple type one. We have a resistance on the top and then you have a contraction happening and pullback is happening. Right? So um again the same vip pattern we if you see the consolid the first this thing is around 38% the second is have around 26% and the last one is around not even a 6%. Okay so uh this is what want to see and again it's a 3T contraction or VCP pattern it's forming just and the last contraction is above 11 weekly EMA which is perfect that is what we want and the breakout of this few candles could have be could have been our entry zone. So currently SMS farmer is some somewhere around it's forming the same you know contraction pattern. So if I show you it's basically forming this then this and then this and this could be your entry point which could you have timed here right this SMS pharmaceutical where you see this these two candle and if you see here volume pocket pivot so this would be our entry point just a disclaimer I have this in my portfolio one which is not in my portfolio but is still forming is BSC so BSC again it's looking beautiful in terms of contraction here this is again a VP pattern a tight contraction and the third T which is your third contract action is still in progress. Okay, you can also use this chart pattern in all the time frames. It's not necessary that you have to use on weekly. I prefer weekly because I love weekly. So now you know some of the most important chart patterns which you need to play in this market. But you don't need to practice all of them. So for example, William O'Neil is famous for cup and handle. Christian Kulamagi famous for high tide flag setup. Nicholas Dava is famous for a flat base and Davas box. Each of this very well-known trader has picked one or two patterns and they have used it multiple times to make explosive return from the market. So in same way you don't need to practice all of them. Identify one or two which you liked it and it got easy for you to spot it. Now let's be very clear that these patterns are easy to spot but it's not simple to execute because spotting them is one thing but executing it with discipline with right mindset and right allocation at right entry point is totally different beast. So that is why I want you to practice this pattern and pick these five stocks. Coaching shipyard, sulture, variable, alphabet and Tesla. These are the five stock which were a trending stocks in the previous bull market. I want you to go open the chart and mark the chart patterns. If you need help um as I said I will also attach the PDF version of the checklist. And here is what I want from you. I want you to comment below which is your favorite chart pattern or one stock which you are currently tracking and you see any of this chart pattern being formed there. I will check and I'll validate that. Now if you're serious about building a system and process not changing any random tips then subscribe to this channel. With this I'll see you in the next one.