Title: The Pattern Behind the Market's Biggest Winners
Channel: Financial Wisdom
Views: 9764
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=IaOnSrnIrLI

Hi all. Similar to the previous video, we'll examine an interesting study on the biggest stock market winners of the past year. But this time, I analyzed every chart on the winners list to identify cup with handle patterns and answer a simple question. If a trader ignored every other setup and focused exclusively on the cup with handle pattern, would there still be enough trading opportunities? The prior study looked at the volatility contraction pattern or VCP, the results of which you can find in this video using the links below. Now, identifying setups before the stocks took off needs a lot of practice. Kalamagous says that he went through thousands of stock charts to practice identifying great setups. The traders who spend that kind of time to understand markets ultimately excel in trading. I have also spent three decades trading markets and practiced one particular setup called the lateral consolidation pattern. It's similar to the Darvas box pattern, a pattern that helps Nicolas Darvas, a dancer turned trader, to transform $36,000 into $2.25 million. Despite my approach being rather passive, the setup has helped me achieve some nice returns with controlled risk. Drawing on my deep understanding of the setup, I built a bespoke scanner designed to identify these lateral consolidation patterns automatically. It has reduced my weekend scanning time from hours to just a few minutes, allowing me to focus solely on executing trades. I believe this scanner, combined with my strategy, can help busy individuals find positive expectancy in the markets with just a few minutes of work each weekend. To learn more about the scanner, community, the trading dashboard, and to download my free strategy, check the links in the description below. Coming back to the CWH pattern, we first lay down the basic scanning ground rule. We look for stocks that are up the most from their 52-week lows. We add some more filters like the market cap over $100 million, price over $1, and dollar volume above $10 million to weed out illiquid microcaps and further shorten the scanned list. If there are too many names in the list as a result of a strong market, we pick the top 10% of the performers to look for cup handle patterns. Although, when scanning at the start of a bull run, there might not be too many names. That is also the best time to be trading the pattern as many stocks emerging strongly from a bear market or correction tends to lead the market and deliver multi-bagger gains. On the other hand, in a bear market or severe correction, this list will be even shorter with few good setups to trade. Even if you find some setups, you should avoid trading them or trade small because the best of the setups can fail frequently in bear markets. Next, we lay down the ground rules for identifying and trading the pattern. We're looking for clean cup with handle patterns on the daily chart. A clear, deep cup followed by a shallow handle. Clean setups are easy to spot. If you have to force yourself to see the pattern, it's probably not a high-quality setup. We are looking for a minimum of 5 weeks of consolidation with the breakout occurring in the fifth week or later. Although William O'Neil originally specified a minimum pattern length of 7 weeks, we relax that requirement because today's markets move much faster than they did in his era. The shakeout of weak holders and takeover by institutions happens much faster in today's age. Therefore, traders must adapt to this new reality and be willing to trade shorter duration cup with handle patterns. Next, the entry happens no more than 5% from the breakout level, which is the high of the handle. The setup should give us a logical stop loss, typically 10% or less. In case the low of the handle, which is the standard stop loss in these trades, is deeper than 10%, we put the stop loss at the low of the breakout candle. When the breakout happens through gap ups, we enter at the opening range highs using the 1-minute, 5-minutes, or 1-hour candles, placing the stop at the low of the day. Next, we prescribe the exit rules. We use the 10-day and 20-day exponential moving averages or EMAs as trailing stops to manage and exit winning positions. To eliminate subjectivity from the process, we apply a rules-based approach based on the stock's average daily range or ATR. For fast-moving stocks with an ATR of 10% or higher, we use the 10-day EMA as the trailing stop, allowing us to lock in gains in quick movers. For slower-moving stocks with an ATR below 10%, we use the 20-day EMA, giving the position more room to fluctuate without being prematurely stopped out by normal price movements. As I mentioned in the last video, this study suffers from survivorship bias because it analyzes only the biggest winners in hindsight. However, the objective is simply to determine whether focusing exclusively on the cup with handle pattern would provide enough opportunities to capture moves in these winning stocks. Even if you had caught just a handful of these trades, your overall results would have been remarkable. Let's get to the results now. There were a total of 33 clean cup and handle patterns in the charts of the top 100 performers of the last year. A good chunk, close to 40% of them, occurred in the bull market of 2025 in the months of July, August, and September. Another 24% happened in uptrending markets of 2026 in the months of April and May as the markets recovered from the February to March correction. Interestingly, the downtrending months of November 2025 and February to March 2026 accounted for nearly 19% of all the successful setups. The average risk on the trades was 7% while the average return was 84%. That's over 12x risk-to-reward ratio. Some of the best performers are listed here. As is always the case, most of these stocks were from the leading themes, including AI, data centers, biotech, and semiconductors. Let's now look at some examples from the study. Here is Wolf from May 2026. The stock is in the semiconductor industry and saw this massive move of 7,500% from its low to this handle. This gap alone was 1,800%. After this move, the stock made a big cup with a handle pattern with the cup 60% deep. The stock quickly recovered and formed this handle that was 25% deep. The breakout happened here at $32.60. As the low of the handle was more than 10% away, we take the low of the breakout day as a stop loss, which makes this a 10% risk trade. The stock went up 80% before it closed below the 10-day EMA, which is our trailing stop because the ADR here is above 10%. That's an 8x reward on a 10% risk trade. Here is another stock, MU from 2026. After this huge rally in which the stock was up 630% it went into this cup with handle consolidation. The cup was 35% deep and the handle was 7% deep. The breakout happened here at $471 and the stop loss was placed $7 below. The stock continued to soar post breakout without closing below the 20 EMA, which is our trailing stop because the ADR was below 10%. When it did close below the 20 EMA, the stock was up 105% from the breakout point. That's a 15x reward on 7% of risk. And here is SNDK from August 2025. It was up 75% from its low before it went into this CWH consolidation. The breakout happened at $48.20 with a stop loss placed 10% lower. The stock went up a whopping 305% before it closed below the 10 EMA, which was the trailing stop here as the ADR was above 10%. It closed below the 10 EMA here as well, but at this point our trailing stop was 20 EMA because the ADR was less than 10%. Here are more examples from the list with the cup with handles marked along with the entries and exits. Feel free to pause and get a grasp of these. Here is the entire list detailing the month of breakout along with the risk and reward in the trades. The study may be affected by survivorship bias, but it could be of tremendous help for traders who are practicing these setups. The more such setups you the more skilled you become in identifying them. The more you read them with prevailing market conditions during their formation, the more situationally aware you become to size your positions accordingly. When you do this over and over, you become a far better trader. To see my personal approach, check out this video. Also, don't forget to check out our links below for other trading tools and videos. And as always, thanks for watching.