Title: 3 Order-flow Trading Tricks Exposed!
Channel: 
Views: 596422
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=o-w5Gxss6T0

I was ranked four times in the world most famous competition as a top sculper. My return was more than 500% over 12 months. And this is the official track record. And I did this because unlike most retail traders, I use a special chart. These are called deep charts, orderflow charts. They don't simply show you price candlesticks. They actually shows you the interaction between buyers and sellers. And you can filter the small traders that doesn't mean much with the big traders, the smart and informed money and see what they are actually doing. In this video, I will show you how as a beginner you can start using orderflow, how these charts exactly works so you can take more informed decisions and boost your edge and your trading performance. We are in the candlestick chart of 19 of September 2025 and we are watching the interaction between buyers and sellers. You can see the buyers protecting this horizontal area of 24,800 and the sellers protecting the area of 24,825 to 26. This interaction is what we can actually see from price action. So in this case what a price action trader will do is will typically wait for the breakout of this level to understand a continuation in structure because usually it's used you you can call change of market structure you can call chalk you can call breakout there are a lot of uh way to call it but anyway what you don't have is the actual interaction of orders to see this and to get an advantage over the other traders. You can activate the order flow values that is giving you a breakdown of the delta and the total volume and giving you a color coding to show how much the sellers or buyers are aggressive with an actual number. In this case, you can see that buyers got really aggressive on the top, but they didn't manage to break through. So you can see that here they are being absorbed really heavy by the sellers. But in this case you can see that 599 of delta in a total volume of 2,800 and 332 try to do the same from the low part and got absorbed. So when you have this case uh punched to the wall by the sellers with absorption and a huge aggression of the buyers because you can see a all-time high on volume 4,600 with 812 of delta. What you can expect is that the next move will give you a breakout and this is a way to get anformational advantage over the price action traders. What the market does is that it don't come to visit again this area that got already protected. But you see sellers try to protect the level but then the price skyrocket. And this is the actual price action that we have at the moment. By the way, we are going to launch our platform deep charts really soon. So click the link in the description if you want to save your spot. Now let's deep dive in the concept of fair value gap. What is a fair value gap? When when there is an imbalance in price action, this is typically wrong because to identify a real fair value gap, you need to get inside the candle and you need to see how the volume transacted. This is what it's actually fair value gap or void. What we use in this case to get more precise is the fixed profile. Now I will give you some example. Price action traders will wait for the market to reclaim this level because from their perspective this one it's a fair value gap. Okay. But in this case you can go deep dive and don't miss on this movement by getting the fixed profile I will show you on this wing from the point A to point B and removing the price action. Okay. When you remove the price action and deep dive, you can see that the lowest volume of interaction in all the area of value area. So where 70% of the volume got transacted is exactly this one is the level that goes from 24,318 to 24,317. Is it's a small level. It's not even an area. Okay. This is what actually in all this range and in this value area it's the fair value gap. It's where the volume didn't transacted in a balanced way. And what you will see thousand of times is that this is exactly where the price will reject. So I strongly advise you to implement this concept even if you are a price action trader because you can get more precise, more sharp and save a lot of headache trying to find the correct area. Now we will go through an example of pressure. So how can we create a proxy of pressure for market participants? In this case, we are in uh the chart of NASDAQ and we are in a compressed area where buyers are pushing really hard to break the level and the market is compressing. But the first question that a trader can ask is we will be in accumulation or we will be in distribution. We will go up or down because it's not clear. Okay. In this case, you can use volume to help you and understand the pressure of the cumulative volume delta compared to price. That's the secret. This is called volume spread analysis. So understanding the result on the price for the proxy of the volume. And I will show you an example because here it can seem like the price wants to create a breakout. Okay? Wants to go down. Then it tends to be a failed auction. But a lot of traders maybe can see open candle and try the breakout and test. Why going long in this case? I will explain to you using the cumulative volume delta that it's an amazing indicator that gives you a sense of the pressure of the market. And in this case you can see that we have a lower low on the cumulative volume delta here while the market is still on the same level as before. This is what it's called it's called absorption. Okay. So there are passive buyers here that are absorbing all the aggressive sellers and the market is not willing to go down. All this candle got completely absorbed. Okay. In this case you can confirm objectively with the absorption pattern the failuction. You can get a clear direction for the day. And you can also get a trend following trades when the delta don'ts match with the price. Because when you are in a momentum phase like this one and you can see a huge amount of aggression following an absorption, you can understand that the buyers are in control. Okay. But how can you jump on the trend in this case? You can jump on the trend in this case using exactly the relationship between cumulative volume delta and price. I will give you an example. In this case, we have a sell candle that tried to create a lower low, but on the correspondent part, we have a huge absorption. All this pressure got zero results, but you continue to see sellers trying to go down here. This is again an absorption of sellers. So, it's a mismatch in price and volume. And this is a nice way uh to use the cumulative volume delta to create a proxy and to confirm your trade with a high probability of being right. So, I hope you enjoy this video. This is uh a way to get deeper inside the candle and get a deep understanding of the market mechanics. And I hope I will see you in the next video on this channel. So subscribe.