Title: PERFECT Entry, Stoploss and Target MASTERCLASS in Options Trading | Trading in Share Market
Channel: 
Views: 1516527
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=pG_kH1TbT6w

If I ask you what's the most important thing to earn money from trading Someone will say strategy is important Someone will say risk management is important But I think the most important thing is Where do you take the entry Where do you keep your stop loss And where is your target Because if you take the entry at the wrong place If you take the entry a little late Then your profit can be less Or you can also lose If you put the wrong stop loss Then it is possible that the share price Will hit your stop loss and increase again And if you put the wrong target Then it is possible that the share price Will reverse a little before your target And your target doesn't hit So entry, stop loss and target are the most important things in trading So in today's video, I am going to teach you How to apply it correctly So watch the video carefully But before that, if you like the video Then do like the video And do subscribe to our channel If you want to learn about the stock market in detail Intro So first of all, let's talk about the entry I am showing you here as an example After this, I will explain to you in the chart So let's understand here first So for example, let's understand that This is your resistance And here is your support So according to support and resistance Whenever a share price Breaks its resistance upwards So this means that The share price can increase from here According to this, as soon as the share price Breaks its resistance After that, you can take entry in it Generally, what traders do is As soon as the candle breaks its resistance Similarly, they will take entry in it Now what happens after this Many times, the share price goes down After breaking its resistance And here they have a loss So where should you take entry at the right place? So see, according to any strategy I am just giving you an example So it works in every strategy But here, let's say The share price has broken its resistance So in this case The candle that has broken its resistance You don't have to take entry there That is, you will not take entry in this candle When this candle closes You have to take entry in the candle after that That is, the candle that has broken Let that candle close first If let's say If let's say If it is a one-minute candle, then let it be for a minute After that, when the second candle starts And you see that candle Even after that The share price is going up So when it goes above this Then you buy Like let's say If the price is Rs 100 here So when the price of the share goes above Rs 100 After the candle closes That is, it goes up to Rs 100 and Rs 5 Then you can buy And if you want to walk more safe Then you can buy at Rs 101 So this is the right way to take entry Don't worry I will show you this on the chart too Now I have told you just to explain When I will show you in the chart Then it will be more clear to you But here a question must be coming in your mind And that question is How can I take entry at Rs 105 Means my exact entry How can it be at Rs 105 Or if I want to buy at Rs 101 How can it be exact So whenever you are taking entry for this You have to use the limit order You don't have to use the market order If you take entry on the market order Then your entry can be a little higher It can be a little lower And many times the entry will be up And then the price will suddenly fall So you don't have to take entry on the market order Now what is this limit order And how to apply the limit order I will show you this live But before that, you have to comment Whenever you take entry in any trade Then you take it through the limit order Or through the market order This is very important It will be useful for you in the future So comment now If you like this video Then like the video If you want to learn about the stock market About trading in detail Then subscribe to our channel For example I will show you the limit order Of Nifty's 21600 call option This is for the expiry of 4th January So to apply the limit order You have to click on it After that, there is an option to buy So you have to click on buy After that, you have to buy as many lots as you want For example, you have to buy 1 lot So you have selected 1 Now here, by default, the market price is selected So after this, if you buy Then whatever price will be running at that time It will be bought at that price But in this case, you have to see according to your strategy At what price you should buy If you want to buy at Rs 100 and Rs 5 Then what you have to do here Click on the limit And put your price here Rs 100 and Rs 5 After putting this, when you put your limit order And confirm it After this, when you buy It will be bought at exactly Rs 100 and Rs 5 And if the price Will go to Rs 100 and Rs 5 Then only you will buy Otherwise, your order will not be executed So in this way, you will trade correctly So while taking entry, there is a big problem That people buy at the market price Because of which their entry is a little expensive And because of that, their profit decreases And sometimes there is a loss So always use the limit order And according to your strategy See where you have to buy And buy exactly there So now you have cleared the entry So let's understand about stop loss We will see this in the chart later If you haven't liked the video yet, then like the video And yes, if you want to open the best Demat account for trading Or the Demat account that I am using If you want to open it Then I have given some good Demat account links in the description So do check the description So now in the same situation If you have to put your stop loss Then where will you put it? Now generally what people do is The candle that has given a breakout They do it just below that candle That is, if the price here is Rs 90 Then they put their stop loss At Rs 90 But this is a very big mistake Because in this case You don't have to put your stop loss exactly at Rs 90 Because many times the price Comes at Rs 90 and increases again Because here there is a support for it This is also a support But it also works like a support So the price increases again after coming at Rs 90 By which your stop loss hits So you don't have to put your stop loss at Rs 90 But a little below this That is, you can put your stop loss at Rs 89 You can put your stop loss at Rs 88 And if you take a very big position If you have taken a trade of many lakhs Then you can put your stop loss A little less than Rs 90 That is, you can put your stop loss At Rs 89.50 But always The candle that has given a breakout You have to keep it below its lowest point You don't have to put a stop loss at its lowest point So stop loss is put in this way If you talk about the target So see the target is generally seen According to the strategy Every strategy can have its own target But in general Whatever trade you are taking How much stop loss you have You should have a minimum target of 2 times If you are not getting a target of 2 times Then you should not take that trade And it is much better That your target is 3 times Suppose If in this case You have to put a stop loss of Rs 10 That is, if you have a loss Then you are losing Rs 10 per quantity So your target Your target should be Minimum Rs 20 And it is better that it is Rs 30 If according to your strategy You are not getting a stop loss of Rs 10 Minimum Rs 20 target Then you should avoid that trade So in this way When you are buying You have to take your entry there You have to put a stop loss and keep a target Now if you are selling Where will you take the entry there Where will you put a stop loss Now let's understand that Suppose you are short-selling Or you want to buy a put option Here you get profit by falling the share price So if you know That the share price can fall from here Then you will think of taking a short position But what traders do here As soon as the share price Breaks its support They take their entry in the same candle But you don't have to take the entry here So in this case What most traders do is They take their entry in the same candle Where the candle has broken down But this is wrong You don't have to take the entry in this candle You have to wait for the candle to close So suppose This is your 5-minute candle So you have to wait for 5 minutes For the candle to close And when the candle Closes below the support Then you have to take the entry in the next candle In this case You don't have to take the entry in this candle You have to take the entry in the next candle In this candle Now where will you take the entry in this candle So you will take that entry Below the closing of this candle Or below the low of this candle So suppose The low of this candle is Rs.90 So you can take the entry Below Rs.90 That is Rs.89.50 So here You can take the entry And for the entry, you can use the limit order So this is how you will take the entry Now if we talk about the stop-loss So here your stop-loss will be The candle which has given a breakdown So above the high of this candle So suppose The high of this candle is Rs.100 So above Rs.100 That is Rs.100.50 You can take your stop-loss Here keep in mind That you will get a profit when the price falls And for the target I have told you again that your strategy Whatever strategy you are following According to that, you must be having a target But whatever the target Your risk-to-reward ratio should be of minimum 1-2. That is, if you are facing a loss of ₹10, then you should have a profit of minimum ₹20. Accordingly, you have to follow your target. Now, if you have understood this, then let me show you in the chart how you will trade. By the way, let me tell you that we have made a separate video on stop-loss. In that, we have discussed about stop-loss in great detail. So, if you want to watch that video, then you can search for Neeraj Joshi Stop Loss on YouTube. And you can watch this video. Or you will get the link in the description. So, let's go directly to the chart. So, we have come to the chart. Here, we are using a 1-minute candle. You should use a 1-minute candle. You should use a 5-minute candle. You should use a 15-minute candle. We have also made a separate video on this. The link of that video is also given in the description. Or you can search on YouTube Neeraj Joshi Best Time Frame. And you can watch this video. I am telling you this just for an example. You don't have to follow the strategy that I told you earlier. You don't have to follow this strategy either. Here, I just want to teach you entry, exit, and stop-loss. So, I am using examples here. So, take them as an example. So, the strategy that we are using here, whenever the share price crosses the moving average, then we buy. And when it crosses the moving average, then we short-sell. So, according to this strategy, where would we buy? Where would our stop-loss be? Where would our target be? Let's understand this. So, first of all, how should we buy using this strategy? Where should we put our stop-loss according to the buying? And how should we keep our target? We will understand that. And after that, I will tell you where would your entry be in the case of selling? Where would your stop-loss be? And how should you keep your target? So, let's understand this in detail. Look at this carefully. So, according to this strategy, which is our 50-period moving average, which you can see as a green line, when the share price breaks upwards, then we have to buy. So, here you can see, this candle has broken our 50-period moving average upwards. That means we have to buy here. But I have told you that the candle that has broken, you should never buy in that candle. First, let that candle close. So, look, this candle has closed above our 50-period moving average. So, in the next candle, that is, in this candle, we have to buy. Our stop-loss, I have told you that the candle that has broken, below that, that is, your stop-loss will be here, not exactly below, you have to keep your stop-loss a little below. So, here you will walk with your stop-loss. And for the target, according to this strategy, whenever the share price, which is our 50-period moving average, breaks it downwards, then we take our target there. So, our target will be here. So, as soon as it breaks, you can assume your target and walk. So, in this way, you can buy. Now see, if you had bought in this way, then you would have bought here. But after this, your share price, it came up to here. That is, it does not touch your stop-loss, and then it increases again. Whereas, if you had kept your stop-loss a little above, then it was possible that the share price, after touching your stop-loss, would have increased. But because you had put the right stop-loss, now it did not touch, and it increased. In some cases, the stop-loss will still be set. There is no such way in trading, which will always work. But what is the right way? I am explaining that to you. So, in the case of buying, this is the right way of entry, stop-loss, and target. Now, in the case of selling, where will your entry be? Where will the stop-loss be? And where will the target be? So, in the case of selling, or when we are buying the put option, there we get profit by decreasing the price. So, in this case, whenever the share price, our 50-period moving average, breaks it downwards, according to this strategy, there we have to short-sell, or we have to take entry. So, here you can see, that this candle, it has broken our 50-period moving average, downwards. So, in this case, you don't have to take entry in this candle. In the candle after this, when this candle closes, you have to take entry there. And that entry too, you will take by placing your limit order. So, suppose, the price of the share here, for example, is ₹2,600. So, a little below ₹2,600, that is, you will place your entry at ₹2,599. And your stop-loss, where will your stop-loss be? It will be the stop-loss, above the candle which gave the breakdown. So, suppose, the price of the share here, is ₹2,605. So, your stop-loss will be here. And for the target, as long as the price of the share, our 50-period moving average, doesn't break it upwards, we can take the target till there. So, in this case, you can see that the price of the share here, has broken our 50-period moving average, upwards. So, here, you can take your target and go. So, in this way, you will trade here. So, suppose, you would have traded here in this way, then your entry would have been, I am telling you approximately, it would have been around ₹2,599. Your stop-loss was very small, of 2-3 points. But still, I say that your stop-loss would have been ₹2,605. And for the target, the price of the share here, is around ₹2,580. So, here, your target would have been, ₹2,580. That means, your stop-loss was, of around 5 points. And your target was, of around 20 points. You can see by minusing this, I am telling you approximately. So, here, your risk-reward ratio, would have been of 1-4. So, in this case, the chances of your stop-loss hitting, would have been less. The chances of your target hitting, would have been more. And your entry would have been correct. Let me clear this again. It is not necessary, that everything will work, every time. But, what is the right way? Which is the right way, to take an entry? Which is the right way, to apply a stop-loss? Which is the right way, to take your target? I have explained that to you, today. I hope that, you have understood this. If you have understood this, then comment below, and tell me, that yes, I have understood everything. With this, do like the video. And yes, if you want to open, the best Demat account for trading, then there is a link in the description. From there, you can open your Demat account. Also, if you want to learn, about trading, like you want to learn, about options trading, then here, you can see a playlist, of 6 videos. By watching this, you can learn, a lot about option trading, for free. If you want to learn, about candlestick pattern, then here, you can see a playlist. You can watch that playlist. I hope, you liked the video. Thank you.