Title: FALSE BREAKOUT in PRICE ACTION Trading (3 RULES That WORK)
Channel: 
Views: 136079
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=p6pwKWQgxUw

- [Instructor] So, in this video we will discuss about false breakouts and how you can avoid these in various price action trading strategies. Again, the concepts discussed in this video will be useful for both full time traders and working professionals. So, breakout on a chart can happen in the form of a simple trending structure that has higher high and higher low, or the most common breakout structures are when price goes in a range and then finally, you see it moving out of the range. So, in this region, if you see, this is a range formed over a period of 10 days, and then you see candle forming outside this resistance region here, now, this is typically marked by the high end of the range and then price moves higher. Now, resistance region or a range can also form over several months. So this is evident in this chart here. Now again, the fundamentals of breakout remain the same. So this is the top end of the entire range of price here, and this is marked out as resistance level, and then price stages or breakout. So now that you have understood the basics of breakout, let me now show you what is false breakout and how you can avoid these in real-time. So false breakout in price action trading is when clear resistance is established, price then moves above it and then stages a complete reversal. So all the buyers who start buying after the breakout, they get sort of trapped here and price then moves in the opposite direction. So this is a very common problem for breakout traders. And at times, it can be very frustrating. And this remains the number one reason why most of the traders quit breakout trading methods. So what I'll do is, I'll just give out three rules here that you can incorporate in your own trading plan, and this will help you minimize the impact of false trades when it comes to your own trading strategy. So the first rule to avoid a false breakout is to always look at the breakout candle. Now, within this, you need to look at wick and tail and overall strength of the candle. So first I'll cover wick and tail within a candle. So if you look at this chart, this is a clear established resistance level and then you get a breakout candle where price moves above this range here. Now just take a look at this candle here. This candle clearly has a long wick here. Now, this clearly means that as price was moving higher, there was some strong sellers present here and they then drove prices lower. So, if you find a breakout candle that has a long way always avoid that trade. Now, some bit of wick can be visible, that is completely fine, but if you look at this wide-range candle, this wick is certainly noticeable. And if I spot this in real-time, I always avoid such structures. So again in this chart, we have a small range here, price, then stages of breakout on the downside, Look at the long tail here, whenever you spot a long tail, this is a sign of demand, and such breakout structures should be avoided. Now in general on a chart, whenever you are spotting a long wick, this is a sign of supply. And whenever you are spotting a long tail, this is a sign of demand. So when candle shows sign of demand on a breakout on the downside, avoid taking that trade and on the upside, if you get a candle that looks like this with the presence of long wick here, always avoid that breakout trade. You will be surprised to see how many breakout trades you will completely avoid which turn out to be false trades by simply following this rule. - [Narrator] Click on the Subscribe button and bell icon to get instantly notified when a new video is uploaded. Thank you for subscribing. So when it comes to identifying breakout candles, make sure that the range of the candle is wide, and the closing of the candle is towards the high point of the day. So if you take a look at all these three candles, the closing here is clearly near the high point of the session. Now, this candle has some presence of wick here, but this can be ignored given the entire range of this candle But overall, when you're trying to spot a breakout in real-time, or let's say you're a working professional, you're only trading based on daily timeframe or hourly timeframe, then make sure your breakout candle on the upside looks something like this. So if you take a look at this breakout candle here, there is clearly long tail present which is a sign of demand, and you have a candle that is wide in range and closing is relatively very close to the high point of the day. Now, some bit of wick is visible, but this is completely fine. So if I see this candle real-time, long tail here would be read as sign of demand, range of the candle would again be read as sign of demand, and finally, a strong closing near the high point of the day will also be read as a sign of strong demand. Now, these are the candles that you should be focusing upon. So for all of you who are channel members, please note that the entire VSA series link is given in the description box below and in the comment section below. And in the community section of the channel, do note that I have started explaining the various concepts of volume spread analysis with respect to Nifty Bank Nifty that is updated on a daily basis. And I've also started updating options data analysis as market closes each day. Now, the second rule in identifying a false breakout is in terms of volumes, and more importantly, relative volumes. So if you take a look at both these breakout candles, so this is the breakout candle that moves completely above this resistance region here, look at the volumes that have come in. In both these candles, the relative volume was clearly higher than the previous many sessions. Now, this statement is important here. Not only should your breakout candle have high volumes, but relatively volumes should be clearly on the higher side. And this needs to be compared based on the timeframe you're trading at. So this is a daily timeframe chart. So over the last couple of months, the relative volume of both these candles was clearly higher. Now, it is not necessary that every time a breakout happens, volumes will be on the higher side. So if you take a look at this example, this is again a daily timeframe chart. Now, this candle is clearly a strong candle in terms of wide range. There's very little wick present here. Look at the closing, it is happening near the high point of the day, but look at the volumes here. Now, this volume is not even higher than the recent sessions that is seen on the chart. And let alone the fact that average volumes on the chart are on the lower side. And you would expect that a breakout candle at least would have greater volumes. Now, just go back to historical charts and check so many charts breakout in this fashion. And if you see this playing out in real-time, avoid taking this trade because you need to have presence of stronger hands in the stock, and only then you should be entering such structures. So now, take a look at this chart. Now again, this is an extremely strong candle, long tail, closing is near the high point of the day, this was the same example that we saw in the strength of candle section. But look at the breakout volume here. The volume is clearly higher than the most recent sessions that are visible on the chart. In fact, over the last three months if you see, this is the highest volume that has come in on a single trading session. And then see how price is moving higher. So I'll be more interested in trading such structures, because not only is the candle strong, clearly sign of demand is visible, but it is also backed by good volume activity. Now, this is what the concept of relative volume is, and most of the traders don't follow this. And therefore, just by including a volume-related rule that is with respect to relative volumes, you will lower down the impact of false breakouts in your own trading account. So the third rule in order to identify false breakout that I would choose is that of relative strength. Now, relative strength is nothing but price of stock divided by benchmark index. So, in this particular example, I've just divided the price of stock against Nifty 500 index. So, when relative strength is rising, that means stock is outperforming. And when relative strength is falling, that means stock is underperforming. So when you're trying to trade a breakout trade, always take the trade in a stock that is outperforming. Now, this particular stock had a relative strength breakout above this resistance level here, so by the time you entered at this particular region, stock was already outperforming. Now, with this fresh breakout candle forming on the chart, you should go ahead and take a trade because relative strength is also trending higher which means stock is outperforming. And overall candle if you see, this is a strong candle, wide in range, some element of tail is also visible, so this is a demand candle. Now, these are the sort of structures that you need to focus upon. So, just take a look at one more example here, this is daily timeframe chart. Now, this is a clearly well-established resistance region, and then you get a breakout here that is somewhere on April 6th. Now, when this breakout candle formed, just take a look at the relative strength line here. Now, over the last couple of months, relative strength line was clearly trending higher, this meant stock is outperforming the broader market. And then you get a wide range candle on the upside that clearly moves above a well-established resistance region. So again, these are the kinds of breakouts that tell you that there are strong participants that are entering in this particular stock, demand is strong, stock is outperforming, and I have not included the volume data because then that would have cluttered the chart. But in this particular chart, even volumes were on the higher side. So these are the three combinations mainly that you have to use in order to avoid false breakout trades. So, I'll just give out some broad guidelines, and then I'll cover some recent examples on the chart. So before I put up some recent examples, I'll just review the guidelines here. Just take a screenshot of this so that you can refer to this during real-time trading. So the first main guideline is about the breakout candle here, you need to pay attention to the width of the candle and also how the candle is closing. Make sure that for a bullish candle, too much of wick is not present, and make sure for a bearish candle, tail should not be present. Now, when it comes to criteria of volumes, volume expansion should be visible with the breakout candle. And also during relative volume analysis, you should make out that the current volume expansion is greater than the volume present during recent time. Now, when it comes to relative strength, always measure it against a broader market. For U.S. markets, it is S&P 500, for our markets, you can prefer it over Nifty 500. For long trades, that is breakout on the upside, stock should be outperforming, and for short trades, stock should be underperforming Nifty 500 index, as this would tell you that stronger participants are betting on the downside. So I'll just share some example from the current month, that is June. So, this is Aurobindo Pharma. Look at the breakout that is happening above the resistance level, and look at the volume expansion here. Now, not only is the candle strong, look at how it is closing, look at the range of the candle, and look at volume expansion. Also taken note of relative volume analysis, the volume is clearly greater than most of the candles on this chart. And this is on a 60-minute time frame. The second example is from a banking sector, take a look at Kotak Mahindra Bank. So again, price is moving out of this prior resistance here, look at the range of the candle, look at how it is closing, this is clearly a strong candle, and then look at volume expansion. Now when you do relative volume analysis, again, this volume stands out. It is clearly equal to and even greater than the recent volume seen on the chart. So this chart again is of 60-minute time frame. And the brain happened on, I think 19th June. So this chart is of 23rd June, that is today, this is of Larsen & Toubro, again on a 60-minute time frame chart. So look at the breakout above this resistance region here, this is a downward sloping trendline. Look at the width of the candle, how it is closing, closing is clearly strong, and then take a look at volume here. When you conduct a relative volume analysis, volume is clearly higher than what you've seen in recent times. So these are the breakout structures that you need to focus upon. Now, you need to understand that, not everything works all the time, and this is something that all beginners should focus upon. All the methods or all the strategies that you will learn, do remember that these will fail. Nothing works all the time. I do understand that there are a lot of videos, a lot of blog posts that are being made by people who write this is 100% working strategy, no-loss strategy, let me tell you, stay away from those people, they don't have any clue about what trading is. Now, trading is a game of probability, it is not a game of certainty. And therefore, if any book, any blog, any video, directs you towards thinking like that, stay away from those sources. So, if you look at this chart of Tata Steel, this is a breakout candle, again with a gap, this is a bullish structure above this resistance region here. Also take a look at volume, it is clearly greater than that recent volume that you see on the chart. But look what happened, after some follow through on the upside, price clearly started rolling down. Now, this is very common. So, don't think that if a breakout candle forms and all the volume criterias plus the relative strength criterias meet and that chart cannot fail. Now, these charts fail, and this happens a lot. Therefore, your job as a trader is to simply follow the process of identifying high probability breakouts and then applying risk management principles. So, code of relative strength, I have shared many times in the comment section below, in case you cannot find it, I'll repost it again. Also do watch my remaining price action trading videos because these will help you understand day trading and short-term trading better. So, thanks a lot for watching this video guys, kindly consider hitting the like button and sharing this video if you find the content useful. Take care and be safe.