Title: Swing Trading Strategies - Part 6 - Kicker Pattern
Channel: 
Views: 48733
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=QWcb7yxYAxk

- [Narrator] In this channel, we talk about trading, investing, and market analysis, to help you become a better investor and trader. So if you are new here, consider subscribing. - [Instructor] Hi guys. So this is the part six of swing trading video series. These are the first five parts of the swing trading series. In case you haven't watched them, kindly click on the description box below, and you would find the link for the same. So this particular video is about a candlestick pattern which is called the kicker pattern. And I'll be showing you how to use this pattern to devise a swing trading strategy that you can use on a daily basis. So in this particular video, I will be covering up instrument selection. You'll be just requiring price in form of candlestick chart, then I will be giving you an overview of what kicker candlestick pattern is, the fundamental criteria that you need to fulfill for this particular strategies. Then we'll be moving on to how to shortlist stocks to swing trade with this strategy, and then I'll be discussing about entry, exit, and Stop Loss. So the first thing that we would move on to is instrument selection. Under instrument selection for this strategy, you can choose stocks or futures, The reason I have included futures also is because you can take a short sell trade with this strategy. The whole idea is to get about five to 10 percent return, although you may get more. Just remember one thing that this is swing trading. So we are typically holding our positions from few days to let's say few months. So for this particular strategy, what we are looking to do is we are looking to either buy or short whenever we see a sudden shift of psychology on the particular stock. And that particular shift, I will show you how to spot it. Trend reference. You can use a 50-day moving average, although that is not required, this is completely optional. And you can trade this strategy purely based on price action. As far as implementation of the strategy is concerned, you can implement it either on a web-based technical platform or a proper technical analysis software, that's entirely up to you. So let me give you a overview of what a kicker pattern is. So kicker pattern is basically a two candlestick pattern. Here you see it. So what happens in the kicker pattern? Is that you have a trend that is defined, and then suddenly next day, a reversal comes about. So here you see at this particular point, the price has opened here, it has closed at this point, buyers are feeling good. And next day what happens is, price opens at the previous low level or something near that. And price just moves in the opposite direction. So this was a bearish kicker signal. What is a bullish signal? A downtrend is in place, price opens near the highest point of the day, it closes at the lowest point of the day. But next day, price opens at the previous day high, and it just continues to move up. So why this pattern is called a psychological pattern? Is because, think from a traders point of view that all the traders who have been buying here, the thing that, you know, after seeing this candle that everything is going good for the trade, and suddenly, next day, they have to deal with this huge shift of emotion that happens as price tends to move in the opposite direction. So this is why I categorize this pattern as a psychological pattern. So this pattern, obviously you have two candlesticks here. The first candlestick is actually confirming the existing trend. If you look at this chart, the first candle is this, the second is this one. In this chart, first candle is this, and the second is this one. So this candle actually confirms the trend in place in first chart that is uptrend, and this candle confirms the trend in place in this chart which is the downtrend, right? So the first candle confirms the existing trend, and the second candle actually confirms the shift in trend. Now if you see, this second candle suddenly moves down, and this is confirming the shift in trend, similarly this particular candle is indicating a shift of trend that is the prior trend that existed. So which is why, there are two candles, the first one confirms the existing trend, and the second candle actually confirms the shift in trend. So the two main prerequisites that you require for a kicker pattern is a trend has to be in place, that is a prior trend has to be in place, and then shift in trend has to be decisive. Now since this pattern is... This indicates a sudden shift of psychology. You need to spot that on chart clearly. What I mean to say is that this pattern should actually pop out of the chart, and you should take note of it on an immediate basis. There's something called as an aha moment popularly known through Albert Einstein. something similar, you know, something has to change on the chart that it simply pops out, and you know it that this is the kicker pattern that I have to trade. So wait for that particular moment whenever you're trying to spot this pattern. So one more thing that I'll add up is that this pattern actually does not form on a regular basis, this is kind of rare. But whenever it forms, it gives you a very high probability trade. And this is one of the most, you know, high probability patterns that I have seen playing out in market. And one must definitely pay attention to these patterns when they show up. So a bullish kicker pattern typically is when the first candle is actually a bearish candle. The first candle is the bearish candle, and which confirms the trend. And the second candlestick is an extremely bullish candlestick that confirms the shift in trend. So we have covered this earlier. The first candle is actually a bearish candle, and the second candle is highly bullish, and it confirms the shift in trend. For a bearish kicker signal, it's exactly the opposite. the first candle is actually a bullish candle, and it is confirming the existing trend in place. And the second candle is exactly the opposite, and it indicates the shift in momentum. So what you need to identify here is that both candlesticks, that is candle one and candle two, they have to be extremely strong candles, that is wide range candles. The range has to be, you know, on the higher side, and it has to signify the sentiment clearly. If you look at this candle, this is clearly signifying that buyers are in control. If you look at this candle, it clearly signifies that sellers are in control. So both these candles, you should prefer strong candles, right? So weak or indecisive candles like something like these, these candles will simply reduce the effectiveness of this pattern. and I think you should avoid whenever you spot weak candles. Remember one thing again, this is a psychological pattern, and it has to, you know, kind of show itself to you that, you know, you can clearly identify that there's a distinctive shift in psychology of market participants. So what do I mean by strong candles? I'll just take you through some charts to clearly mention those to you. If you look at candle one, candle two, and three, right? Three is this one, and four is this one. So out of these four candles, which candles do you think are strong candles? Well, number three and number four, why? Because there are a wide range candle, the range is on the higher side. And look at this candle, it has started at the low and this closing towards the higher price. Similarly here, you can see some buying has happened at the lower levels, and then the candle has closed higher. So if you look at these two candles, and you look at something like this, the supply visible here on higher levels. If you look at these candles, extremely small candles, these are not strong candles. Strong candles, you can clearly recognize. Take a look at this example, again candle one candle two, which one do you think is the strong? Actually both are strong, range is good, both are trying to move higher. But look at the closing here. Price has got rejection from higher level, and price has closed here. So relatively, number two candle is actually weak than number one. So, in this particular chart, I would categorize number one as an extremely strong candle, even these two candles that you see are extremely strong bearish candles. So don't forget this that you need to spot strong candles. That is the key to trade this pattern successfully. Let us take one example. Look at this candle one, candle two, candle three, and candle four. If you look at candle two, this candle, and candle four, these candles are actually more weak, and they kind of represent the bearish scenario are more strongly when you compare it with candle one, and candle three, right? So candle three is probably the weakest here, or let me put it this way, it is the least strongest bearish candle. Candle one is fairly bearish, but look at how candle two is closing near the lowest point of the day. Again, look at candle four, how it is closing at the lowest point of the day. So which is why candle two and candle four are the strongest bearish candles on this chart. Whereas candle three and candle one are not that strong with respect to representing the underlying sentiment, that is the bearish sentiment. So I hope this point is clear, that you need to identify strong candles. You might spot this pattern quite often in case you do in your own market. But in case those candles are not strong candles, I would just suggest you to give the pattern a pass, and you try and spot the pattern where both candles are strong candles. So this would be your screen, how it would look like, while you would try to spot this pattern, no indicator no averages, you simply have to have a candlestick chart that is a plain price and nothing else. A one pointer that I'll give you is that try and use different color combination. Here I have used a green and black combination. A green and red combination is also fine because you need to offer those colors that kind of pop out. And there are some colors that human mind actually identifies better than rest, and black and red are sort of colors that human mind automatically relates to sort of negative colors, whereas green or even let's say white, these are sort of colors that our mind relates to, you know, some sort of positive thing, right? So keep this in mind and see which combination suits you the best. So let us move to stock selection part. So in this particular strategy, you don't need to go through any complex selection criteria, so you just need to stick with high beta counters, because psychological shift or let's say more news flow are based on how high beta counters move. Sentiment reversal is kind of more common in high beta when you compare it with defensive stocks. Since this pattern forms rarely, you need to have high bit of stocks watchlist on watchlist all the time because you need to scan and see which high beta stock is actually forming this pattern. And keep it keep a tab on news flow as well, because... Consider this as a situation. Let's say ABCD stock is trading at about 100, and it had been at 80 few months back, so the trend is clearly up from 80 to 100. And then suddenly you find that the stock opens at 90, do to some news flow. So since this is a psychological pattern, news flow will sometimes have an impact, and you could just get kicker pattern on a chart based on any negative or positive news flow that exists in the market. So do keep a tab on news flow as well especially in this pattern. Your stock universe, if you are beginning to trade with this pattern, keep your stock universe limited to those stocks that are trading in futures and options segment only. This list is... Why I've chosen this list? Because you will be avoiding illiquid stocks, because cash market has lot of illiquid stocks, and you want to see this pattern forming encounters or in stocks which are trading high on volumes. And these patterns should not be forming on those counters that are trading, that are relatively illiquid. And because sometimes, due to lack of volumes also, you can get a lot of gap ups or gap down. So that is why you need to ensure that you are trading those stocks which are high on volume. There are no fundamental criteria as such for this strategy. In the previous strategy, we looked at high ROE, ROCE low, on those side of... Those sort of fundamental criteria. But in this particular strategy, there is no fundamental criteria that you need to look out for. You just need to track this F&O segment list. Keep it on a watch list, and scan on a regular basis to see which stock is forming this kicker pattern. In case you spot a stock, do remember to check whether sectors or stocks from the same sectors are forming similar pattern or not, because that is again one filter that we had discussed in part four of swing trading I think, that the concept of sister stocks that if other stocks of the same sector are exhibiting the same pattern, then that particular trade actually becomes a high probability trade. So now let me take you through some kicker pattern that have happened or played out on charts, just for some better understanding. So this is the kicker pattern here. So this what we have here that a downtrend is in place. First candle is actually reflecting the bearish trend, that is bearish mood in the market. Always prefer that both these candles should be of the opposite color, because only then they can represent the underlying sentiment. Second candle actually reflects the change in sentiment, it opens above the opening price of the previous candle that is clearly visible here. But I would categorize this as a weak kicker pattern, why? Because both these candles are actually not strong. Let me now take you back to do one basic thing in this kicker pattern. Look at this candle, this candle is opened here, and closed here, right? The close is very near to the high point of the day, Open is very near to the low part of the day. Now look at this candle. This candle actually opens near the low point of the day or near the opening price of the previous day, and then moves lower. Similarly look at this candle, the candle has opened at the highest point of the day, and moved lower and closed near the lowest point of the day, right? But look at where this candle is opening up. This candle is opening up at the high point of the day or the previous day open, and then it just shoots up. So just look at the psychological shift that has happened in one day. Now let us come to the first chart that I had put up here. If you look at this particular candle, this has opened near the previous candle opening, and it has moved higher. But again, this would have been more bullish, had it opened near the highest point of the previous day, and then moved up, right? Moreover, also see that the range of both these candles is not on the higher side, and both do not represent strongly the underlying sentiment. This does not reflect a bearish sentiment in total, and this does not represent a bullish sentiment in total. So which is why this is a weak kicker pattern that are still performed well, you would have easily got about 10% or more. but I would categorize this particular pattern as a weak kicker pattern, just because of how these both candles look. So I am trying to give you some variants of this pattern so that next time when these things form on your own chart, you would actually easily categorize them as weak patterns or, you know, high probability ones. Now look at these two candles. Now this first... First, what we need to check is whether the existing trend is in place. This is step one, so downtrend is in place. First candle actually clearly reflects the underlying sentiment. It is a strong candle on the downside. Though the range is not that much, but also look at the fact that this is a low price stock. So even a two or three point movement in percentage terms is big. And look at this candle. Again, this clearly represents the change in sentiment. So here in this candle, we have seen opening, occurring near the previous days opening, or the high and price just moves higher. So clearly, the shift is visible and which is why this particular pattern, I would categorize as strong kicker pattern as both candles are actually representing supply and demand in a way that... in a decisive manner, if I may put it that way. Let us now move to the next example. Now this is a bearish kicker pattern. Now a trend is in place, the first candle is actually reflecting the mood of the existing trend. The second candle, we get a sentiment change. It opens at the lowest point of the previous day, or tries to move higher, but then it closes on the negative side. Again, I would categorize this particular pattern as not a strong kicker pattern because of these two candles. These are sort of indecisive candles, they are not as strong as the candle you're seeing here, or a candle that you are seeing here. Still, if you see even with a weak kicker pattern, this trade has worked extremely well, even if you see, look at this weak kicker pattern, the trade has worked well. But one, when you get a strong pattern, look at the momentum, the underlying momentum in trade, it is always better than what you can find when the pattern is not that strong. So let me come to one more example so that it's more clear. Now again, if you... Look what has happened here. There is an existing trend in place which is our step one. the first candle reflects the underlying mood of the trend that is on the downside. The second candle clearly reflects the change in sentiment. Now this candle is sort of a strong variant, I won't classify it as extremely strong kicker pattern yet, because again the range is not that great. These candles are sort of decisive, not as bullish as this, and not as bearish as this. So which is why this is just a variant of a kicker pattern. But again you can see that this concept has worked beautifully and price just moves up. Let me pull up one more example. So if you look at this kicker pattern, this is also a valid kicker pattern but it has played out differently. So we have an existing trend in place. The first candle only partially reflects the underlying trend. This is not of opposite color of this candle, right? The second candle actually strongly reflects the change in sentiments. So out of these two candles, one candle is not that great, or rather, not that bearish, whereas the trend change candle is extremely bullish. So this is again a variant. It may play out this way as well. What you need to understand here once you start gaining more experience with this pattern is that try and trade the psychology, don't try and get fixated on the color or on the strength. Yes, initially why I am emphasizing on opposite colors, or I am emphasizing on the bullishness or bearishness of a candle, because, of course this pattern will be new for you and you need to practice it. But once you get good at it, you would start taking these trades as well, because this is again signifying the same psychology. There is a trend in place. Again, people are holding positions here thinking that price is heading down, and suddenly next day, the price gaps up and it kind of moves up. So the psychology is the same. It is just that... Initially I am emphasizing on sticking by the rules only till the time you get experienced with this particular pattern. I'll put up one more variant. So if you see this, the trend is already in place. This sort of candle is not that bearish, but the second candle is extremely bullish, very similar to the example that we discussed in the previous slide, this is this one. So again this is one more variant of it. So I just hope you understand what I am trying to do here. Typically what happens is when we look at one pattern, we get fixated on it, and we try to spot that on charts that we kind of browse. But what I am trying to do here is, I am trying to show you different variants of a pattern that can play out, and I'm trying to make you think in direction of trading psychology on a chart rather than trading the pattern itself. Of cause at the risk of repeating myself, I would say that this definitely takes time. If you devote more time to this pattern, then there will come a stage in let's say six or nine months where you'll start trading these particular patterns as well, and you won't wait for an extremely strong pattern to show up. So now this is one more variant in place. This is a strong kicker pattern. If you see this this candle, the trend is already in place. This candle range is fairly good. But if you see, the candle's still partially reflects what is going on. But look at the second candle, it is so a bullish, it has opened near the highs of the previous candle and the prices is taken off. So this is also a variant of a strong kicker pattern in place. Again, if you aim for five to 10% for a kicker pattern when it plays out, it will clearly give you about 15 to 20% as well. And most of the times, the move is vertical in nature. So I've just shown you about seven to eight variants of kicker pattern, along with what this basic pattern is. I'll just come to the trade execution part, that is the entry exit and stop loss. And then I will be moving to the position sizing, that is how much you need to bet, and how do you calculate that? And then I'll be summarizing this strategy. So as far as entry, exit and stop loss is concerned, I have taken the example for a bullish kicker. So what typically happens is once you categorize this candle as candle one, and this is the candle two, the low of candle one, when you're trying to buy it becomes your stop loss, right? And whenever this second candle gets printed, that is close to end of the day, that becomes your entry price. So entry and exit and stop loss in kick of pattern is clearly defined. And that is why this is one of the most likable patterns if I may use the word, because they're not many patterns exist where you know beforehand. What's going to be a exit point? What's going to be a stop loss? And what is going to be your entry point? So exit would be anywhere between eight to 10%. But let me tell you one thing, this is a projection on the conservative side, this can easily yield about 15 percent without any problem whenever it works. Stop loss would be the low point of the first candle, and entry of course would be by end of day whenever this candle is getting printed. So now that I have covered entry, exit and stop loss, let me now move to position size. So this is the slide I used in the part five as well. So position size would actually depend on the amount you want to risk. If you're a beginner in the market, I would say that don't risk more than 1% of your entire capital on a single trade. In case you're experienced, you can gradually move from 1% to 2% or maybe higher. So if you have a capital of one million, your risk would be 1% of one million, that is 10,000 on one particular trade. So hypothetically, if your entry is happening at 280 and the stop is 260, remember one thing, your stop loss is the lowest point of the first candle, and entry is near the closing price of the second candle. So hypothetically, if entry is happening at 280 and stop is at 260, your position size would be calculated as 10,000, that is the risk per trade divided by 20 which is the difference of entry price and stop loss. So that would be position size is equal to risk divided by the difference of entry and stop loss. So this would be a risk adjusted position size method. Obviously, there are other methods as well which you can explore, but I am just showing you a very simple way to do it. So in this particular kicker pattern, your first candles low will be your stop loss. And in case you are short selling, that is, let's say, this is your first candle, then the highest point would be your stop loss in case for a short sale trade. And the one point that I want to add is in case, you know, the market is trading, and today is the day where the second candle is going to be printed, don't... On a mid day, don't go and assume that a strong candle is going to be printed, and don't preemptive trade. I would say, wait for end of the day, or just about five to seven minutes before the market is going to close, and you get a feeling that the closing is going to be good based on whatever the average price exists in the last 30 minutes or so. Then you can go and you know preemptive trade. But always wait for end of day, or somewhere very near to end of day before taking a trade, or before the second candle gets printed. Don't assume that a kicker formation will happen just because, you know, you are into the market, two three hours have passed, and you start assuming that today is the day when the second candle gets printed, and it's going to be strong. Just wait for the market to completely print it, and only then go and execute that trade. So I'll just some of the key points for this particular strategy. The next swing trading strategy video will be released next month. So this particular kick up pattern is more related to psychology, which is why, make it a point that as you graduate to the next level, focus on the psychology part of the pattern, and not the pattern itself. Always maintain a high beta watch list that I've explained, and also keep a tab on the news flow, because news is one reason why you can have a kicker formation on a particular chart. One more thing that I wanted to put out is that, this is not a typical pattern where you can get 5:1 risk reward in your favor. Yes, you might get 2:1, 3:1 or even 4:1, and this actually plays out quite frequently whenever the pattern gets printed. But I've rarely seen that 5:1 or higher, let's say 6:1 or payoff of 10:1, those kind of trades don't actually... You cannot catch those kind of trades through a kicker pattern. So, that's all for this week in the trading strategy section. In case you have any doubt about what I've shown you, just leave a comment below and I will get back to you as soon as possible. I'll just put out one thing before I end the video. I'll definitely get a query on what time frame I have chosen here. And that is actually our daily time frame. All the charts that you see, that I've posted here, here or even these charts, all these charts are for daily timeframe. So don't rate this pattern or weekly timeframe on a monthly timeframe, or let's say even on a shorter timeframe thinking that, you know, it's easy to use as a scalping strategy, because I don't think it is. In case you find it, otherwise do leave a comment below, and I will get back to you as soon as possible. So thanks a lot for watching this video guys, be safe. - [Narrator] Click on the subscribe button and bell icon to get instantly notified when a new video is uploaded. Thank you for subscribing.