Title: How To Pick Stocks For Beginners Using Relative Strength Analysis -  Part 1
Channel: 
Views: 111079
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=RVbze1duD-U

- In this video we'll be looking at Relative Strength Analysis. So relative strength, it's known as RS, or external relative strength. That is ERS, or Comparative relative strength. That is CRS. So all these different softwares will be having these different names, but it all means the same thing. So this is a three part series. In the first series, that is this part, we look out for stocks and relative strength for stocks there is. The second part will be about sectors. And the third part will be about a bottom-up approach where we kind of first see that sectors are strong and then move on to pick out stocks for Trading Or investment. So in this series I'll be covering about the basics of relative strength. I'll be showing how you can classify accumulation and distribution with respect to relative strength. And, I'll also cover some aspects of importance of time frame. So this is my mail ID and Twitter and YouTube. In case you have any doubt about what I'm going to show you, you can contact me here. So relative strength basically is used to measure demand and supply in a stock. So whenever investors or Trader are buying a stock, and as it heads higher, that is called accumulation. At times whenever the buying is happening, the stock may not head higher immediately, but that is where RS actually, or that is relative strength, comes in and shows us which stocks are being accumulated, and which are being distributed. So traditionally, accumulation and distribution, it can be measured with the AD line oscillators through volume patterns etc. But I'll show you why RS charts actually offer a better way to identify accumulation or distribution in a stock. All right. So from now on I'll be referring to relative strength just as RS, okay? So RS is actually a price of stock divided by a price of benchmark index. I'll directly show this on the chart. So on this chart, what you see is the upper section is the price and the lower section is actually a ratio. Ratio is same as RS because this price of this stock is divided against a benchmark index. It can be anything, either a sector index, or it can be a broader index like S&P 500, or NIFTY 50. All right. So again, RS is nothing but price of an asset that is divided by a benchmark index. What we get is a ratio line. You have to keep in mind that relative strength is actually quite different from Relative Strength Index (RSI) indicator. Okay, so those of you who are interested in RSI indicator, there's a link that will come up here. You can click on it and then if you go to the RSI that we have done. But the RS that I'm going to show you here is actually different from RSI. So what RS does is, that is relative strength, it measures the performance of an asset against a benchmark asset. Okay. Where as RSI, it actually measures the performance of stock with a respect to closing prices and depending on the variable you have set. Let's say over the period of 10 days, 14 days, the standard period is 14 days. All right, so this is sort of external comparison of a stock and this is sort of an internal comparison. So what we look out for here is, we seek kind of RS that can help us identify either accumulation or distribution. So when price is actually forming, lower lows than it is in a range, but you see the RS line actually moving up, that is actually a sign of accumulation. Similarly, if price is in a range or it is just mildly bullish, where as you see the RS line tending to move down, that is actually a sign of distribution. But those are just initial observations. What I'm going to show you is that on stand alone basis this occurring, this RS line moving up or RS line moving down, does not mean accumulation or distribution on a stand alone basis. You actually have to club it in with price performance and see whether that is true accumulation or true distribution. So I'll just take you through that part later. So what we are focusing in this video is that we need higher highs on price and we need higher highs on RS line. Okay, so that is a double confirmation that we get while taking a long trade. For the short trade, what we want is lower highs on price and lower highs on RS. That is a falling RS line and a falling price line. So that is actually used for short selling. There is another way that is divergence. I'll just come to it in a bit, but divergence you can whenever you spot divergence, that is price is falling down and RS line is rising up. That is actually initial sign of accumulation, but that is also a classic indication of divergence between price and RS. So during that phase you just keep the asset on a watch list and wait for price confirmation. I'll come to these specific examples in the slides later. So let us just move on. In this case, I've given an example of distribution. So look what has happened here. In case the previous slide was slightly confusing for you, those subsequent slides with the charts will actually remove all the doubts you've had. So what we have here is a price chart. What we can see here is that price is actually consolidating in a nice range, but look what is happening to the RS chart. Again, this RS chart is this price divided by the benchmark index. The RS line is actually steadily moving down. So what this means is that this period, whenever you see this happening, the RS line is moving down and price is either in the range or mildly bullish. This is actually a sign of distribution, but the confirmation of distribution always happens through price. So when this price has broken down this range here, that is when you get the confirmation of distribution. So this becomes a classic case of distribution wherein you've seen the prices just in a broader range, whereas RS line starts to move down. This actually means that the stock is underperforming the broader market. It's kind of distributing and then you see the price breakdown happening, and then price again starts to move lower, all right. So this is a sign of, this is an example of accumulation. So what we are looking for is that if price is forming higher highs, we want our ratio or the RS to form higher highs. Now you need to be in such stocks where you want to do long-trade. Not in stocks where price is heading high, but the RS is falling down because that would just mean that you're chasing a stock that is moving up along with the market, but it is still underperforming. All right. Remember one thing, when RS line is rising, that means an asset is outperforming the benchmark index and when the RS line is moving down, that means the asset is underperforming. Okay, so what do we have here? In this specific phase we see that the RS line is actually rising up, so this is an initial sign of accumulation. But what we see on the price, is that price is moving lower. So this is not being backed by price yet. So what we do, is we kind of put this stock in a watch list and while the RS line keeps on improving, we wait for a trigger through price to go along. It's always about confirmation. This is just a stand alone indicator, whereas the price is the primary indicator that shows you whether you need to go long or short in an asset. Yeah, this is another example of accumulation. So what we have here is that price is steadily trading above this 100-day moving average. It's forming higher highs. The ratio is kind of flat. It's not doing that great, but what we see here is that ratio starts to rise rapidly. This means that the stock is kind of outperforming the benchmark index that it's being compared with, but what we see is that price is forming lower highs. So you don't want to be in such a situation where you want to take up this trade just because the RS line is rising. Okay, so again, I'll repeat this point that the rising RS line has to be backed by rising price. You need a double confirmation, one from price and another one from RS line. That is how you catch high probability trade. All right. So this is an example of distribution. What we have here is a classic case where I'm showing you that where price and RS line has to be in sync. So in this case, the price moves below the 100-day moving average. We do see the ratio moving below as well, but then price attempts to move higher through 100-day moving average. It starts to whipsaw, and the final breakdown actually happens here. But about 15 days before, earlier that is, RS line actually broke down some right here. So what I'm trying to show is that when you track RS line and price together, at times RS line is sort of a leading indicator where it will show you a breakdown or a breakout much before you can see in price. All right. So I'll come to all these aspects in the third part where we'll try to pick out Trades, individual Trades, but I'm just giving you a brief overview of how important it is to track relative strength of a stock just from the point of view of picking a long or short trade. So this is the confirmation aspect that I was trying to explain earlier. So what we have here, is that price is above the 100-day moving average, but it moves below in this segment. Look at the RS line. It actually makes a new high. If you just draw a line here, you'll see that RS line has made a new high. So this does not mean that we straight up and go and buy it because the price is still below the 100-day moving average and we don't have a confirmation yet. Look at this case. This is very similar to this case where we have a RS at a new high, and look at price here. Price also is at a new high along with price being above 100-day moving average. So which trade would you rather prefer? This one where the price is not confirming, or this one where you get a clear sign of confirmation? And this is one of the strongest confirmation you can get with respect to accumulation in a stock. All right. So I'll just briefly take you through Case 1, Case 2, Case 3. I've just broken down this chart into three case studies and I'll take you through each case. The first part, this part that we are seeing, is actually this segment. Okay. So in case you get confused at any point of time, just pause the video. Take it back a little, and refer to this chart, all right. Or you can take a screenshot right now and put it on a different window. So this is the Case 1. What we have here is that price is above the 200-day moving average and you kind of see that it's moving up, right. Forming consistent higher highs. Would you want to be in such a stock? Well, based on RS study, actually we would try to avoid this stock because what is happening is despite of the fact that this stock is forming a higher high and clearly moving above the 200-day moving average, look at what the RS line is doing. It is steadily moving down. So what this means is that, overall market is doing exceptionally well and while this stock is moving in the direction of the broader market trend, it is actually underperforming. All right. So you don't want to be in stocks which are underperforming because you're putting your hard earned money in a stock and you need to put it in a stock which will actually work much harder for you. All right. So you need to be in strong stocks in strong sectors. So what we see here is that, again, in this phase the price starts to move up and we see some sort of improvement happening in RS. But still, if you compare this high of price with this high, look what has happened with RS. RS has remained absolutely flat, whereas price has moved ahead. So in this similar phase, this similar bullish phase, had you of been tracking a strong RS stock, which would have been moving higher, the net percentage gain on that particular stock, which would have had a better RS, you'd of got much better returns than being in this stock. All right, so I hope my point is clear. So next case, we're gonna see this phase. All right. So what we have here is that price moves along the 200-day moving average, we have some sort of whipsaws, and then price starts to move down. And the RS line is consistently breaking down. Look, the price breakdown here is not that clear, but look at how RS is already started to move down, moving down right. This is a sign of confirmation of RS before price because RS many times is actually a leading indicator when compared to price. So as price starts to move down here, you see a consistent breakdown in RS, but when we come here, something interesting starts to happen. While price is started to move down consistently, right, what has happened here is that RS actually goes flat. So if I am looking at this stock, as of now the stock is in a strong downtrend. There is no question about it. But I would be quite intrigued with what RS line is doing. So what this indicates is that RS is no longer confirming the sort of selling that is going on here. So this is the first sign of early accumulation that I would put this asset on watch list and then I would wait for price confirmation. Right, so this is what we have to do. So this was this case. So what we have seen is, I'll just explain it on this chart, while the price is near a new low here, RS has also made a new low a little bit before that. But after that, RS actually mostly remains flat while stock moves down. Okay. So this becomes an early sign of accumulation, but that has to be confirmed with price. So this is the third case that we have come to. So remember this is the same chart. The RS line is actually gone flat while the price is started moving down. A couple of months later we get a confirmation here that price actually moves above the 200-day moving average. But that alone cannot be a confirmation to go long, because you need a proper breakout on RS as well. So what happens is when the price moves to about let's say this point, then you see that RS is actually started rising. So you need a proper rise in RS confirmed with price before you can go and take a long trade. In case you're an aggressive trader and you spot this happening and then you see a 200-day moving average breakout, that is price moving above it, you can go and take a long trade here as well because that would be a relatively low risk kind of trade. But in case you are new to this concept, wait for a steady higher high form on RS and on price and then you can go long. So this phase that the stock went into, eventually this was actually preceded by accumulation region that was actually shown by RS indicator. All right, so I hope I'm clear in this. So I'll just sum up the key points just for this series. In this series, what we have seen is we have just seen a brief overview of what relative strength indicator is and how you can easily use it to identify regions of accumulation and distribution. If you're a trader who is interested in trading in stocks, what you can do is you can plot your RS line against the broader market index. It can be any index. Either a NIFTY 50, or the sector index, or S&P 500. I mean whatever asset you're trying to Trade. All right. So you can actually spot early signs of accumulation through relative strength indicator, but always wait for price confirmation. Without price confirmation RS is also of limited use. Always going for a combination of a rising RS line and rising price, that is actually an extremely strong combination to target. With the respect to long trades, your risk reward is totally in your favor and you can control your overall trade. Actually you'll be in good company, so automatically a risk of losing money is less. So falling RS line and falling price is actually a strong combination for a short-sell trade, but make sure the broader market trend is down because two out of 10 times a short-sell trade works out because that is the nature of stock market. That it mostly rises up. And when that finally comes to make a short trade, make sure that the RS line on a broader market level is actually confirming that. So divergence between the two, I won't take it as a trading sign. What I'll do is whenever I get divergence, let's say we caught a divergence here. Where price was actually moving down and the RS was flat. So this is actually a sign of divergence. So what I do is whenever I spot such divergence, I actually place that indicator, the asset in my watch list, and then I wait for confirmation. All right. So in the next video we are going to look at sectors. So thanks a lot for watching this video, and I'll be posting the video on sectors pretty soon. Thanks a lot.