Title: Technical Analysis In Trading | Swing Trading Strategies | Quantra Course
Channel: 
Views: 1369
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=sZSI7sxDUkU

Welcome to this video on the introduction to technical analysis in trading. One of the factors involved in the success of the swing trading strategy is the appropriate timing of the entry position. To time the entry points, we can use technical analysis. After completing this video, you will be able to: Explain technical analysis List the types of technical analysis Describe chart based patterns and their limitations Describe technical indicators In swing trading, you attempt to capture momentum trends. Before you learn how to capture these trends, let's try to understand what technical analysis is. In your trading experience, you must have heard about the term technical analysis. Technical analysis is the study of price patterns in the financial markets. The insights from studying these patterns and data can be used to forecast the next price movement. These insights can be used to construct various trading strategies. Technical analysis can be done in two ways. One way is by analysing the chart patterns visually. The other way is by using technical indicators. Chart patterns like the head-and-shoulder, rounding bottom, cup-and-handle are very popular with traders who follow chart-based technical analysis. It is important to note that there is no guarantee that any of these patterns will form in real-life. For example, it is not necessary that the price will move in a head-and-shoulder pattern. Since chart patterns are analysed visually, the question of scalability also comes in here. It is difficult to analyse various patterns on different charts simultaneously. There is another problem with chart-based technical analysis. It is subjective in nature. Different people can have different interpretations of whether a particular price movement conforms to a technical chart pattern or not. With these issues associated with chart-based technical analysis, we will refrain from using them. Instead, we will lean towards a more scientific approach to doing technical analysis. That is, by using technical indicators. Technical indicators are the result of mathematical calculations done on the price and volume data. This mathematical calculation involves the use of arithmetic or statistical tools. You might wonder, why do we lean on technical indicators when the chart based patterns were simpler to use? The answer is that technical indicators give a quantifiable result. Backed by the numbers, the technical indicators do not have any ambiguity when compared to the visual analysis of charts. Technical indicators are getting popular these days due to the advent of computers and various programming tools for finance. Previously, all such indicator values were calculated manually. It was a very tedious and error-prone process. But now, you can get the indicator values using a few lines of code in Python. And, the validity of these technical indicators can be tested on historical data!