Title: STOP Wasting Money on BFS! (Bait Finesse Reels in 2026)
Channel: 
Views: 56851
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=v522efS7eAY

In the world of BFS, I see so many people go out and buy the most expensive reel or the cheapest reel and they get super frustrated and think that BFS isn't for them. Well, today we're going to dive deep into three BFS reels from from bottom to the top to discuss what I've learned about the BFS world and hopefully save you from wasting money on the wrong >> [music] >> reel. I think that's a smallmouth, dude. I think that's a big one, too. What the heck? Is that the shad? Oh, I got him. Oh, it's a giant. [music] It's no doubt that BFS fishing has blown up in popularity. I feel like everyone's doing it these days. You've seen me do it quite a bit. I see a lot of people making a ton of mistakes when it comes to BFS fishing and I'm going to talk about some of the things that I've learned just from owning a lot of different BFS reels and offer some advice for those who are trying to get into it. If you've been following the channel, you know I picked up the king daddy of them all, BFS reels, the Conquest BFS. This is Shimano's round BFS reel. It is expensive. If you buy it here in the United States, it's like $500. If you import it, you can save a ton of money. If you want to read about that, watch this video right here. I go over it in depth on how to import from Japan and that's how I got this. I did not pay retail for it. It is not just about the expensive reels. I've also got a KastKing BFS, which you can get for under $130, which I'll have the link to all this stuff down in the description. This reel right here is phenomenal. So, I can't wait to talk about that. But, we're also going to talk about mid-range reels because the Curado BFS right here is one I've caught a ton of fish on and it's often the first one you see people suggest. So, before we dive into that, why on earth should you even buy a BFS reel? Now, the number one mistake I see people do when they want to go buy a BFS reel is they go out and they think that this is going to be a spinning reel replacement. They think that this real fancy thing right there is going to replace their spinning reel. I'm here to tell you it's not. That if that's what your goal is here, you might want to look into why you want a BFS. And I'm going to tell you why I like BFS. I like BFS for creek wading. I think it's really nice if you're making short, accurate casts. The next reason is I think it's quite versatile in the sense that you can cover a lot of base. One thing I really like about the Conquest is you can punch a lot higher just because it is a BFS. I'll still throw things like this 3/8 oz spinner bait on it, which I've got a whole trip where I threw just this all day. Um and it was phenomenal. But, there's going to be people out there that want to throw like trout lures, rooster tails, stuff like that. And I think a lot of BFS reels can do that, no problem. But, you do have to ask yourself, why do you want that over a spinning reel? Is it for fun? If so, that's a valid reason because BFS for fishing is a blast. I got into it cuz I thought it was fun, not because it was practical. Now, I like I said, when you're wading creeks, I find it very engaging to have a BFS reel where you can make real short, accurate pitches. But, it does not replace a spinning reel for me and it does not even come close to replacing a spinning reel. There's tons of techniques that will always be on my spinning reel. When it comes to hard baits, top small topwaters, little jerk baits, little spinner baits, stuff like that, BFS is great. But, when it comes to like soft plastics, I still tend to lean towards spinning reels. Can you do it on bait finesse? Absolutely. I've done it. It's totally fine. It's just not my preference. So, with that out of the way, let's talk about these reels. A mistake that I see a lot of people make, too, is when they buy a reel, they either buy the cheapest reel, which this is not the cheapest reel. You can get bait finesse reels for under 50 bucks. Uh I think KastKing makes one called the Zephyr that's $79.99. But, in my opinion, when it comes to actual quality BFS reels, you kind of get what you pay for. So, for today's video, we're starting with this as my baseline. So, this is the KastKing Kestrel BFS. This thing is phenomenal for the price. I believe it retails for $119.99. So, it's actually a little bit on the lower end, you know, around 100 bucks. If you use one of the codes, which I think I have a code, we'll put it in the description, you can get this for around that and it's a really, really good reel. What does this do well? Well, it throws light lures really well, but where it kind of struggles is if you're looking for something that can throw like tiny little Bobby Garlands or you're trying to throw like microscopic trout lures on like this stream for brook trout, this one I've noticed really does struggle when you start to get down into that 4 lb line trying to show throw the light stuff. They make another version of this, which I actually own, called the Kestrel Air, which is designed to go more into that, but it is more expensive. So, I think it's $20 more expensive. I'll link that one down, too. If you want to do stuff like that, they make a version of this that can do that. So, keep that in mind. But, I think out of the box for the price, everybody, and I mean everybody should consider this reel because it does everything you could ever want. Um I've also thrown those spinner baits on this as well to a ton of success. So, um I got this earlier in the year. I actually got this from KastKing. They sent it to me. They asked me if I wanted to try it and, you know, KastKing's been really changing what they release lately and I I I was impressed by it out of the box. I was like, "You know what? This feels quality. It's held up all season. It's got clicking brake, clicking drag star, clicking drag. It's got a quality handle. It actually has some pretty good accents on it, too. So, um this is the low-end one. This is where I would would recommend if you're kind of on the fence about taking the dive. This is where I would start. So, now we're going to move into the mid-range. This is the Curado BFS. I have owned this reel for I believe 5 years now. I got it during COVID. I think is when this came out. This is actually heavily modified. I actually have a Roro spool in there, which makes it, quote, more BFS-y. If you can see there, it's got the the updated spool. I'll actually just pull it out so we can see it. It'll be a pain in the butt to get back in there, but you can see it's it's a custom spool. It's got like the honeycombing in it. It also looks cool cuz I got the red. Um But, what this does is it makes this Curado BFS able to throw much lighter lures. And I I I think the one downside I had when it came to the Curado BFS was that it didn't do super great when it came to throwing like super light stuff. So, I was trying to throw like trout magnets and stuff like that. It just it just wasn't working. And while I think this is a great reel out of the box, I think that it did struggle throwing the lighter stuff. So, I tried the Roro spool. Um I did notice that it actually made it a little bit more annoying to throw heavier stuff because with the lighter spool, the heavier stuff was causing a little bit more overrun every once in a while, but not too bad. But, I think that this reel right here, if you are looking to get a BFS reel to throw bass lures, let's say you just want to throw light bass lures like those spinner baits full-time. Like you're you have no intentions of ever fishing Bobby Garlands, rooster tails, stuff like that. You're you have no intentions of throwing stuff in the 1/32 oz. I think this is a great reel. It makes it a little bit easier to do things with like if you've ever thrown like an Aldebaran, which is a high-end Shimano. They make an Aldebaran 50. I think they make a I think they even make a 30 now. So, it's a small spool. It's made to throw light finesse-y bass lures. This is like one step below that. A weaker drag. It's kind of heavy considering that this is I think it's almost an ounce heavier than this. And this doesn't even have the spool on it and I can tell that it's heavier. So, there's a lot of downsides to this reel. But, I think if you are not looking for something that's like an enthusiast model, I think this makes a lot of sense. But, if you're coming to me as a first-time BFS-er, I'm honestly going to tell you get the one before this, the Kestrel BFS. As much as I love the Curado BFS, I think it's a fantastic reel. I think the value proposition when you compare it to the other one is just not there. That being said, if you're a die-hard Shimano guy, let's just say you got to have Shimano, you just love the quality of it, this is not a bad mid-range reel. At $239.99, you could probably find these used well under that. Um there's quite a few on the market. So, Curado BFS is a serviceable reel. It's a good reel, but I definitely think that there are other options if you're looking from like a value standpoint that are going to beat it. So, that brings us to this. And we we had to change angles for this. We got to get serious for this one, the Conquest BFS. I did a video unboxing this, talking about how I imported it from Japan for the first time. And I have fallen in love with this reel. It is so much fun to use, but it is so expensive. And I see so many me people make the mistake where they go out and they either buy this out of the gate or they buy one of those cheap Temu ones and then they're just like, "Ah, BFS sucks. I spent all this money as I'm invested $400 in the BFS and it doesn't do what I thought it was going to do." You need the you need to know what you're getting into this for before you go out and drop insane coin on this. This is definitely a connoisseur model. This is an enthusiast model. You have to want this. You have to have a reason to own it. So many people go out and they buy the most expensive BFS reel and then they end up selling it. That's why you can find so many good deals on these used reels. So, I love this reel, though. Um in my opinion, it's worth the price. I've caught a lot of really good fish on it. You've probably seen quite a few mixed into this video. It is a blast to use. It's got the clicking drag. To me, this is the ultimate do-everything BFS reel. And the reason is is this can throw the really light stuff. If you spool this up with the right 4 lb fluorocarbon, 6 lb fluorocarbon, you can toss some really light stuff. I've thrown rooster tails. I've thrown stuff that I I'm like blown away by like those little Bobby Garlands. And a lot of that has to do with your rod, which we'll talk about a little bit here because the rod is obviously an important aspect of this. But, this thing can do everything. And what I like about this is throwing the bass finesse, the power BFS, you know, the more typical stuff where you're going out there and you're throwing like, you know, the 3/8 and lower size lures. This is a really good light jerkbait reel. Like if you're trying to go out to the lake and throw these, which weigh like a quarter of an ounce, this does it really well. It's like I'm not a big spinning reel guy when it comes to jerkbaits. I hate it. This is great at it. So, that's where I see this BFS shine. And what I like about this is that just because like, you know, you get a second spool for this, this could probably do everything you could ever want. Like this is a great travel reel. If you're going to travel the country with like a light rod and wanted to throw anything you could ever throw at it cuz not everybody fishes for bass. Some people want to go out and catch crappie. Some people want to go out and catch panfish. I'm one of those people. I'm one of those people. I like doing that. So, that's why I like this reel. Um I think for the price, the aesthetics, it looks cool. It's not super heavy considering it's all metal. So, at top end, do you need to buy this reel? Probably not. Um did I need to buy this reel? Probably not. That being said, I think for what I got it for, it has exceeded expectations. So, um this is a top end reel. They also make the Aldebaran, which is another one. Um you know, Daiwa makes some really good top end BFS reels. I've never owned one. They make one like the Alpha Z TW. Um Daiwa's got so many, man. They They have a lot. And the Daiwa BFS reels are legit, too. So, if you're a Daiwa guy, those high-end Daiwa reels are are phenomenal. They might honestly be a little better than Shimano from what I've experienced. I have had a chance to test them. I've just never owned them. So, So, with that out of the way, let's talk a little bit about rods. Now, one thing I I find supremely interesting about BFS is I'm going to I'm going to poll you guys. If you've gotten to this part on rods, raise your hand if you've gone out and bought the Dobyns Sierra BFS. I'm guessing a lot of you guys. That is probably the most common one I see people using. And for good reason, it's it's a solid serviceable rod. It comes in a couple lengths and a couple actions. It's a good rod. That being said, it is a little bit expensive. I mean, I think it's like uh close to a $200 rod. I think the really wild thing about BFS is how many good rods exist that aren't expensive. And I'm a rod snob. If you've ever watched any of my gear content, you know, when it comes to rods, that's where I like to dump my money. I will say when it comes to BFS, the reel matters a ton because you're throwing these light lures. But rods are also important. It's like the one technique where I might I would never be able to pick rod versus reel because they're both kind of intertwined. There's a big synergy there when it comes to BFS. But like I said, there's a ton of really good affordable BFS rods. This is actually one Shimano used to make. You can still find these, but they're $50. This is the Shimano Sensilite. This is a 7-ft light. So, it is a longer BFS rod. But this bad boy, for the price, for $50, it has a cork handle. It's honestly pretty sensitive considering it's got great action. If you can find a Shimano Sensilite and you find a Curado BFS for used for like Let's just say 150 bucks to get one used, which would be a steal. You could be out of the door with a $200 BFS setup that could pretty much do whatever you want. So, when it comes to rods, some of those Temu rods are really good. Um some of those TikTok shop rods you see like the Harding BFS rod. I've got one of those later in here somewhere. That's really good. But I want to point this out. This is the Kestrel BFS. I've talked in length about this rod. This rod is phenomenal. You can get it in so many different actions and lengths. I think there's like four or five different actions and lengths. It's a three-piece rod, which do not be intimidated by that. It breaks down into a three-piece rod and it can do pretty much everything. This one right here, the 69 light, is my favorite finesse spinnerbait rod. I caught so many fish on this plus the Conquest that I don't even know where to start. And it's crazy to think that I took my, you know, expensive Shimano Conquest and threw it on a Kestrel rod. That's That's proof in the pudding right there, guys. I wouldn't do it if it sucked cuz um there's plenty of rods that I've tried that I just didn't like. This was not one of them. So, if you're wanting to save some money, there are tons of good cheap BFS rods. Just make sure that you read some reviews, you get some good insight on the action of them because a lot of the BFS rods you're going to run into are going to have too flippy of a tip. And if you're wanting to go throw Neds on BFS, which is totally fine, not my preference, but you got to make sure that it's got enough backbone to set the hook on something like that. So, in summary, let's kind of wrap this up. Here's our key takeaways. Make sure you're putting your money in the right place. You don't need to necessarily start at the high end. You also don't want to start in the low end. Pick an upper low end to mid-range reel that you think fits your budget and let it rip. It doesn't have to be the Kestrel BFS. Daiwa even makes I think one or two cheaper BFS reels and there's tons of like off-brand ones. Don't sleep on those. Do your research, but don't get the super cheap ones. There's so many super cheap BFS reels out there that people just get it, it sucks, they can't throw anything, and they regret it. That's kind of how I felt when I first got one of the cheaper BFS reels. I'm not going to name it because we're not here to slam any brands, but um let's just say it was a nightmare and then I got the Curado and it was a much different story. So, it opened my eyes a little bit there. Then the same goes true for the the top end. You don't need to go out and spend $500 on a BFS reel. Number two, figure out what you want to use it for. If you're just wanting to go out there and throw lighter bass lures, it does up open up more options because you're able to maybe get a BFS reel that's not super great at throwing light stuff. I mean, truthfully speaking, if you have no intentions of throwing light stuff for like And when I say light, I'm talking like 1/32 oz and even lower, you know, 1/16, 1/32. When you start to get into those, like that's a more specialized category, which if you're a bass angler wanting to throw Ned rigs, you don't need a reel like that. You can go get the Curado with a default spool and it's going to be totally fine. You can go out there and get a Kestrel BFS and you'll be totally fine. You don't need to go out there and buy a Conquest to throw that sort of stuff. So, keep that in mind. But then finally, number three, know when it makes sense to use it over a spinning reel. I don't really think it makes a lot of sense to try to go out there and do a jig head minnow with BFS. Could it be done? Absolutely. I'm sure someone in the comments like, "Ah, I do that all the time." I personally don't prefer to throw soft plastics on my um I've tried it with wacky rigs. I've tried it with Ned rigs. Can it do it? Absolutely. I just find it to be a little bit more awkward. Now, light Texas rigs are a slightly different story, especially if you're like pitching them into certain stuff. But then at that point, I'm almost like, "Ah, I'm throwing stuff, you know, light lures around brush. Seems a little risky." So, know when it makes sense to use a BFS over a spinning reel and try to figure out like where does BFS fit into my repertoire. So, hopefully you guys learned a few things about this. I have always loved BFS. I think it's a ton of fun, but it's almost like a niche technique that maybe isn't necessarily for everyone. I think if you have a huge dislike to spinning reels, I think it's a perfectly viable option in that scenario. So, I could see a lot of people doing that. If you want more control on your cast, like that is That is where it's at. Like that's why I like it when I'm wading. 90% of the time, I would prefer to just take a reliable BFS reel with me if I'm wade fishing because I know that if I take that Conquest BFS on that Kestrel wade fishing, I can throw topwaters within reason, not giant ones, all the way down to like little light Ned rigs and I got my whole bases covered for the day. I don't have to worry about anything else. And that's really what drew me to BFS originally was just how versatile it can be. So, keep that in mind. Those are the few things that I've learned about it. Don't necessarily need to break the bank to have fun and be successful with BFS, but also don't fall into the trap thinking you need to spend $300 on a BFS reel. So, hopefully you guys enjoyed this. I'll see you next time on the water.