Title: Master Mark Minervini VCP + Flag Setups:The Only 2 Patterns I use for 100%+ US Stocks Breakouts
Channel: 
Views: 6122
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=XIksouhkwSI

Hi everyone, my name is Gorav and welcome back to my channel. In 2021 when I started investing in US market, this was my result. I was pretty much destroyed in US market. I was down almost 70%. At that point of time I was trying 1,000 things and I wasn't sure what exactly I was doing. But fast forward last year, within 3 months I captured almost 134% in a swing trading strategy. But same account, same market, but completely different results. And you know what's the crazy part? To get these kind of explosive return, I only used two strategies or patterns again and again. So one was VCP, that is volatility contraction pattern, and second was tight flag. These are the literally two chart patterns I have been trading from past 4-5 years now, be it Indian market or US market. And those two patterns have really given me a tremendous result in both the markets. So today in this video I'm going to tell you what exactly these two chart patterns are, what are the key characteristics to look for. We'll also discuss about the scanning mechanisms and the most importantly we'll discuss about entry and we'll discuss lot of examples. Now today in this video I'm not going to discuss about selling, I will not discuss about risk management and position size. These concepts will come in the future videos. So before I jump ahead and explain about the chart patterns, I'm not sure how many of you read this book which is basically a trade like a stock market wizard by Mark Minervini. Specifically in this book, chapter 10 which is picture is worth a million dollar. Here Mark Minervini has talked about VCP pattern and as well as also about the high tight flag, a small description of that. This was the first time I read about these two concepts in here. This concept is not new, this concept was even used by Wyckoff and a lot of in other books it was already been discussed. But it was literally explained in very simple and lucid manner and it was popularized by Mark Minervini. With this let's start with the first one which is a VCP pattern. Right, so the first one is volatility contraction pattern. In a simple word, what exactly it means that supply is getting exhausted, volatility is shrinking and pressure is building and hence explosion in the stock. This is the picture of the volatility contraction pattern. The first thing which you want to see in any contraction pattern is the prior uptrend. These patterns which I'm discussing is a bullish pattern. In the bullish pattern the initial step is to look for a prior uptrend. Now the minimum which I see in US market is at least 30% or 30 to 40%, but higher the better. The second part is contraction sequence, right? So this is the most important part of the volatility. It means the volatility of the stock when it's consolidating that is basically contracting. So if in this picture if you see the first is a the first pullback or the first depth is approximately 20%, the second is around 12% and third is approximately 5% and that is what we want to see. It basically means the supply is getting exhausted and the demand is getting strong, accumulation is getting a strong. The third thing which is important for us to see the volume. So see in the bottom, the volume in every contraction is pretty much getting dried up, right? In the first it was little loose, the candles are loose and the volumes are loose. Then in the second depth or second pullback again the volume little bit drying up but not as dried up as the last one. So you see if you see the last sequence or last contraction the volume is pretty much gone. And the last part is in the third contraction we want to see very tight candles and maybe near around his previous high. So if this particular contraction is happening here for example where my arrow is, in that case I'm not interested in the stock. I want to see these kind of a contraction somewhere around on the top of the base or basically the previous high of the base, right? Where the consolidation started. Now this is where I need I basically spot the candidates and I will discuss about this in a scanning where I want to see the candidate where the tight candles are happening, where the tight contraction is happening. And this will typically this particular consolidation if you are a day trading on a daily chart because it's a swing trading strategy I'm discussing, so we'll discuss about daily chart. And on daily chart this could typically happen around 3 weeks to 12 weeks. Ideally it should be within 3 to 4 weeks or 3 to 6 weeks. The entry and everything we'll discuss, but this is what the pivot candle is. When the breakout of this tight ranges is happening, this is where you want to enter. So this is the simple characteristics which you want to see. We want to see the prior uptrend, a tight consolidation of the base. Now the consolidation is better if it goes in a pullback manner which means the first pullback let's say 20% of depth, second pullback let's say 12% of depth and third pullback let's say 5 to 7% of depth. And when you reaches to the 5 to 7% of depth approximately, we want to see a very tight candle, preferably narrow range bars or inside bars and then you can simply time the entry on those bars. Now there are two types in this volatility contraction pattern which Mark has talked about. So let's discuss about that quickly. The first one which you see is the first example which is a type A which is a horizontal resistant. Which means the top of the base is pretty much flat and the and the bottom pullbacks are pretty much contracting, okay? And it can form in 1T which is a pretty much tight base, 2T which is two pullbacks and basically sometime we call this as a cup and handle, okay? 3T which is the most preferable one and the best one. Sometime it might also go to 4T or 5T. But in nutshell we are trying to see pullbacks contract when it is progressing towards the right side of the base. And the second type is which is basically it forms a lower high and higher lows, okay? So which means the first depth if you see that is a big one let's say 31%, the second one is 17%, third is let's say 8%, 3%. So it's more of a triangle type of shape you are forming here versus this is more of horizontal setup. Now I prefer this versus this, but having said that I can trade both, right? Now we have understood the concept of VCP pattern and let's go to the concept of second pattern quickly which is a high tight flag. Now this is again a very well rewarded pattern. So in this case what happened is again the same thing where you see a prior uptrend. Now in this case prior uptrend which is basically discussed in book is up approximately 100%. Higher the better, but basically we have talked about is like you know 100%. But I generally prefer 50%, okay? So for me if it is a 50% of clean move and after that if a tight candle is formed I would call it as a high tight flag. After that we don't want to see a lot of contraction or lot of big consolidation base. Basically it's forming a very narrow range candle, a very shallow pullback, probably 3 to 5% and very tight candles. And when the breakout is happening from here, that will become a pivot point. It's very simple, okay? So what's the difference with VCP and tight flag? So in VCP we are seeing a prior uptrend, but then the base consolidation is happening in a very wild manner. So initially very wild swing of pullback and then little less and then finally a tight candle. Versus if you shift this particular tight candle immediately after the wild big move, then it becomes a flag. Something like this where there's a wild very wild or big move has happened and after that if you have just found a few tight candles with very few tight contractions maybe aligning to its EMA, 10-day EMA or 21-day EMA and that is what we want to see, that becomes a flag. And this is what the most simplest explanation of entire strategy, these two setup which you want to trade. So now you have understood those two chart pattern conceptually, okay? Now then before I go into more examples and entry and everything, let me show you how to scan those things, right? Because if you don't have a standard mechanism to scan those stocks, then definitely you're going to miss those kind of stock, right? Now let me clearly clearly tell you that I do not use any other tool except TradingView to do my scanning for swing trading. If you are smart enough to know what exactly you are trading and if you are creative enough to create that in TradingView, that will do the purpose, okay? So let me show you what exactly I do, okay? So this is the few primary stock scanning framework I use. The first one you I use is 52-week high leader. Basically the stock which is near 52-week high, probably within the range of 0 to 10%. Secondly, moving average trend template. I mean the moving average trend template is something Mark has already talked about in his book. This is the one which is my go-to. I have customized this based on my requirement, but this is my go-to scanning. I 70 to 80% I if I'm if I'm in a hurry, then I would use just this one scanner. And then 1-month, 3-month, 6-month momentum candidate or 30% move in last 3 months. This is also sometime gives a good candidate, okay? Let me show you those scanning filters or criteria which I put. The first one which you see is a moving average one. So what I do is common stock primary listing, leave it. I put a liquidity filter, basically the stock which I'm participating should have enough liquidity. Now you have you can of course amend the number and then after that price should be above 75 EMA. And then a second give 21 is above 51, right? Which means the stock is pretty much trending even in the short term also. And ADR is very important concept. So people do ask me what what is ADR? It's basically average daily range. So if you see here, in this case the ADR here is currently is 5%. It means in last 20 days the approximate average move of this stock is basically 25% and I want to see a high ADR stock because higher the ADR and if there is a tight contraction, then the feedback from the stock, the movement of the stock happens very immediately. And then I purposefully put range minus two to 2%, right? And I can further tighten it or I can reduce it up to your requirement, but I generally keep it minus two to 2% and I'm trying to see the stocks which are basically within the tight range of minus two to 2%. Currently in today's US market I'm scanning on 22nd of April and market has not opened yet, US market. So as of today, 285 names are there, right? Now you can further tighten it, these names by using let's say 1-month or 2-month high. If I mean ideally you should be scanning these 285 names. That's a very simple mechanism, you know, each each one of them. But if you are not interested in a scanning, you can either add a further which is basically new high and you can put a 1-month high which bring down, you know, 133 name. If you want to see 3-month high names, you can further choose that and it will bring down name to 93 names. Or you can move to 6-month high which will bring down to 73 names. Or you can simply move, you know, 52-week high and that will bring a 63 names. So you can add this extra filter further narrow down to 200 names to, you know, less than 100 names. And the second scanner which I generally use is this one which is your US flag 3-month 30%. It basically gives you the stock which has moved 30% in past 3 months and price is basically tightening within the range of minus two to 2%, right? Now these two scanners you can use you can use your own creativity to create more scanning mechanism, but basically what I what what is my rule says that prior uptrend and tight contraction, right? These are the two important thing which I see. So with keeping that in my mind, I have given a prior up move prior up move or price of 75 EMA and then I look for the tight candles, okay? And after that I simply do the scanning of 100 150 name. That won't take more than, you know, probably half an hour or 40 45 minutes. Okay. So, what I do is after running the scanner, I simply select all, right click, and I move it to the red tag. So, now before I go ahead with the scanning and everything, I basically should want to show you what are the indicators I use. So, I basically use these three indicators. First is Q Ultra. The purpose of this indicator is to show me the earning table. Okay, this is a paid indicator, but I'm sure there are many free indicator which will show you the earning table here. The second is Lex Algo. Lex Algo smart money concept. This I don't use it often. I keep it just to see the demand zone. The third one with customized one which I generally use is the Quant as alpha scan. Basically, what it shows is that this you see the yellow arrows, that is basically inside bar indicators. And if you see the white one, that basically shows the narrow range bar in 7 days. The in the bottom if you see that's the RS line. So, I use trader line trader line RS line. And it simply you can use any index. I use SPX. You can use Nasdaq if you want. Now, what is relative strength? I'll create a separate video on this one in detail, how to use it and everything. And the third one is the volume, right? So, I use a pocket pivot volume created by TA plot. So, anything we which you see in green or yellow, that is basically your pocket pivot volume. Okay, yellow is a 5 days and the green is 10 days pocket pivot. Okay, all the names are here. Let's say in the Q Ultra, I simply start a scanning. And what I'm looking, I'm looking basically the tight candles. And prior to the tight candle, either I wanted to see a VCP pattern or a flag pattern. So, with this keeping in mind, if you see here, no, I'm not interested. This could be one of the stocks, so I like it because it's basically forming a VCP if you here if you see here. So, this one, this one, and this one. And then here if it's forming a more tight candle, then I would want to enter over here. No. No. Here this was the tight flag pattern. So, good move and then a tight candles over here. This could have been our entry point. I'll discuss about it in some time. This is again a good stock, RVMD. Again a good move. A good decent pullback is in progress. And I want to see further few tight candle, maybe inside bar or narrow range bar. And I would want to be a part of that stock. Again, these names I am not So, none of these names popped out yet on chart, so I'm just skipping it. Okay, and then this way you basically scan all of them. The one which is really I'm liking as of today is SNDK because it has a liquidity and a good catalyst behind it. And this is what I call it, a good move, a good flag move. So, this move was from the bottom is approximately 64 65 % return. And then after that it's forming a very few tight candles, right? So, all these candles within the range of, you know, 0.1 0.871%. So, these are very tight candle. Now, let's quickly summarize before I go ahead. So, what we have understood so far is what is a chart pattern. So, we are basically practicing two chart pattern. One is a VCP and other is a high tight flag. VCP where a good tight consolidation after a prior uptrend happen of less than 6 to 12 weeks. And we want to see a big pullback, shallow pullback, and a very tight pullback if it's a 3D. And after that during that tight pullback, we want to time our entry. And second pattern which we have discussed is basically your flag pattern. And flag pattern we simply want to see a very strong prior uptrend, let's say of 60 70 80 100% kind of move. And after that few very narrow range candles. Then we have discussed about the scanning. Scanning basically I've given you the four scanning framework. You can use any one or two. You don't have to too much dependent on the scanning. Trust me, if you use moving average, that itself will suffice the purpose and it will give you a lot of good trending stock which is forming a very tight pattern. Now, next few minutes we'll discuss a lot of examples. I'll show you that how this VCP and flag has worked previously. Now, some of these stocks have I've already traded or it was in my watch list. I might have not traded, but I have a scanned it and kept it in my watch list. So, the first one is WD C. Now, let's say during the day or during the weekend if you're a scanning, you might have identified this candidate somewhere on this candle 0.1 right? So, this candle move was point minus 0.64 if you look over here on the top, that will give you the range of point minus 0.164 0.002 negligible almost 0% and 0.045. So, this four candle if you have a scanned any any point of time on 6th May, 7th May, or probably 8th May, you might have identified this candidate over here, right? Because our filter criteria says the tight candle is there minus 2 to 2% change. The moment I see this candle, I want to see the pattern. Now, which pattern I want to see? I want to see VCP or I want to see high tight flag. Now, here what pattern is forming is simply forming a high tight flag, right? So, as I said, I want to see a prior uptrend from its previous swing low. So, this stock has given almost 50% of move prior up move, right? And after that it formed a very tight candle. Now, what should be our entry? So, I basically time my entry with the tight range. So, if this is the four candle is tight range, I could simply put my alert, right click, and put an alert. Now, the problem is this stock gapped up. Of course, the next entry point would be around this candle. So, let's say I have entered simply over at the somewhere around this candle. Now, what would be the stop loss? Generally at these kind of gap up scenario, I simply keep my stop loss the low of that candle. But as I said, stop loss trailing mechanism, selling criteria, I'll discuss in the next video. Okay. And after that you simply the stock has moved in a, you know, decent manner. Now, this stock has given a lot of entry or pullbacks, you know, probably over here, probably over here. But then the next tight contraction it formed is here. Again, a simple flag pattern is formed. That the stock has moved again a decent range approximately around 50 to 60%. And again it formed a very tight consolidation. I had entered. Again, look for the tight range candle. This could be a good entry, but it was little choppy, so I would have avoided. Now, this is the second one which I wanted. And this if you see it's a basically forming a VCP, right? So, here and then here basically tight contraction, right? So, basically this is where I want to time our entry where the tight range candle if breakout happen over here at the tight of this, I would want to time. The second one is SANDK or Sandisk, right? This is again a beautiful pattern. Again and again it forms. The first it started with here, right? So, it it formed a VCP pattern. Okay, you see this tight candle and a narrow range bar. This could be your, you know, timing entry. So, the prior up range and then a tight contraction. The volatility contraction is happening over here. You could have timed. And after that the stock did move. It did a three days of pullback. Again, it's it this could be one entry, but this is a pullback entry. We can discuss this later point of time. This could be our good entry. So, after a prior almost a move of 155%, we see a very tight candles and maybe just straight line above the range of tight range and simply right click and maybe this green candle on 15th of October, that could be your entry point. After that the stock moved up and then this was the perfect VCP pattern. So, remember the type two VCP pattern which I mentioned which was basically then we want to see this and then we want to see this. And maybe the when the breakout is happening, then that we are entry. Exactly the same thing is happening here, right? So, if you see here, the first move was approximately 35% first pullback. The second pullback is approximately 18 to 19%. And third pullback was approximately around 15%. And the last pullback was negligible approximately 7%, right? And that is what we want to see. So, basically volatility is contracting slowly and steadily. What will be entry? Entry again you can time. So, inside bar tight contraction narrow range. So, these three four candle is interesting candle. So, I will simply put the on the top of the range tight range. I will simply put my horizontal line and I can simply time my entry. But a stop loss in general rule would be always that shouldn't be more than 7%. I generally keep it within the range of 4 to 5%. But and and I change my allocation. If I sometime go with 2 3% then I increase my allocation. If I'm not too convinced with the setup and it's very volatile chart, then probably I will reduce my allocation and increase my stop loss probably 7 to 10%. Okay, but I'll discuss in detail in next video. And then SANDK is currently forming a decent chart. So, this is a 74% of prior uptrend. And after that the stock is simply formed a tight candle. So, this was inside bar with a narrow range bar. If simply the tight range, I'll put it here on 949 948. If the stock try to breakout, I will enter. Let's go to the next example. The third next example was CAT. So, CAT again had a multiple A+ setup. So, if you the first one is here, it is a perfect perfect VCP. So, it basically formed here and then here and then here. Okay, and this was the tight range I would be interested in. Here and then you could have simply riding this trend. I would be interested over here because there was a prior uptrend from in a previous swing low with small tight consolidation. But a stock like Caterpillar, it it has a very low ADR probably 1 2 2% range, right? And hence this move will be slow. But this is again a good setup you could form. Currently it's again forming a good setup. But as I said, ADR is 2% a very tight, so I would not be too much interested. Third, let's discuss about the Carvana. It has given multiple the one which I traded was this one. This was a perfect flag entry. So, it's from the previous swing low it was basically give you 30 38%. Form a very tight range candle over here. And after that you can simply put a range high as a as a order. And you could have simply and this stock would have given you around 40 60% after that. And the next one which I want to talk about is FORM. FORM is again a good stock especially here. It was a B+ because it wasn't a tight enough, but did it did a pullback and then formed a these two three candle very tight. So, maybe these two three candle could have been entry. But the one which I really like is this one. So, beautiful VCP pattern again over here. If you see here, one, two, and three. A clean VCP contraction, right? The first pullback which is approximately within the range of of 21%. The second one is hardly 11% and the third one is almost negligible. I think 4 to 5%. Okay. So, that is what we want to see. A very tight contraction, every sequential contraction, a prior uptrend, prior move. And then you can simply time your entry by putting a alert at the tight range of the candle. Maybe I could simply put over here. And this could have been entry and depending upon what stop loss and all you have used, but basically it would have given you around 120 130 kind of % return. The one which I traded give a big portfolio impact was this one, RKLB Rocket Labs. So, in 2024 it basically forming a very tight VCP, 2T VCP, but very tight VCP. So, if you see here, a first contraction and then the second contraction. Now, some might call it as a cup and handle, but as I told you previously that basically cup and handle is a VCP again, which is a 2T VCP, right? The first very loose base and after that a tight contraction on the right side. And after that you could simply timed your entry over here. And this was one of the biggest mover of my portfolio. So, in this I captured around 200% return on decent allocation. The next example is Nvidia. So, Nvidia has given two times opportunity. One was this one. This was a perfect VCP again. This was the prior uptrend, right? This is a massive prior uptrend. And after that it formed a very decent consolidation base, right? And in the base, if you see, again a good this. And if you see, this is the basically contraction, right? I simply time my entry at the tight of this candle range of this candle when the stock is gapped up around the around I think 94-93. After that, the stock has given decent move of 30-40%. Another was a flag pattern which I traded in Nvidia. This is the one. So, this was again interesting one. Again, the stock has moved approximately 40-50% over here. And then it did a pullback. And the pullback was hardly in the range of 4 to 5%. And after that, the stock has given the return of almost 30-40%. Another one which was excellent trade was QUBT. So, QUBT was trade was I think quantum computing theme was there and a lot of people might have traded it. But the perfect entry was here. The stock was already up around 700% and then it basically gapped down and then did a decent pullback. Within the pullback, it formed a small VCP. So, what it did is it's basically with the instead of flag, you call it flag or VCP, but basically it did this and then it did this. And after that, you could have timed this maybe at the top of this when the this candle came which is 65%, maybe this one. It And after that, next 2-3 days itself it moved more than 100%. Let's discuss one more example, IREN. So, this I have traded multiple time last year. This was a beautiful chart. I mean, there are a few charts, you know, if you see IREN, if you see WDC, if you see SanDisk, right? These are the stocks which are basically the market leaders. And after every 50-100% return, they pull back and form a very tight contraction maybe on VCP or flag form and give you another entry point. So, these kind of stock if you identify, it will give you multiple legs of return. This is the example here. Not a perfect base VCP, that's why I called it B plus, but you know, this was a good entry. And after that, stock moved and it formed a very tight pullback over here. Probably a setup, but the third one is here, right? Where the stock again moved up a pullback, tight range candle, a flag pattern over here, and then after that, stock moved up. This is what I generally do for the swing trading. You simply scan your candidate using a moving average, look for the tight candles, simply put an alert on the top of the tight range, and wait for that candle to cross. And the moment it's crossing, you time your entry. But the prior to the tight range candle, we are looking for a either VCP pattern or a tight flag. So, with this, basically we have come to the end of this video. Hope this video have added value to your entire US investing strategy, especially from the pattern point of view. And as we discussed a lot of examples, especially the entry and the prior uptrend and everything everything which you look. in the next video, we'll discuss about the selling criteria where we'll talk about the stop loss and how to trail. If this video has added value to your swing trading strategy process, hit that like and subscribe button, and I'll see you in the next one. Take care. Bye.